Prime Minister Narendra Modi will receive the CERAWeek global energy and environment leadership award during an annual international energy conference next week.
The prime minister will also deliver the keynote address at the CERAWeek Conference-2021, which will be held virtually from March 1 to 5, its organiser, IHS Markit, said on Friday.
Prominent speakers at the conference include US special presidential envoy for climate John Kerry, Co-chair of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and founder of Breakthrough Energy Bill Gates and president and CEO, Saudi Aramco, Amin Nasser.
“We look forward to Prime Minister Modi’s perspectives on the role of the world’s largest democracy and are pleased to honour him with the CERAWeek Global Energy and Environment Leadership Award for his commitment to expanding India’s leadership in sustainable development to meet the country’s, and the world’s, future energy needs,” IHS Markit vice chairman and the conference’s chair, Daniel Yergin, said.
In charting its path towards economic growth, poverty reduction and a new energy future, India has emerged at the centre of global energy and the environment, and its leadership is crucial to meet climate objectives for a sustainable future while ensuring universal energy access, he said.
The annual international conference is a gathering of energy industry leaders, experts, government officials and policy makers, leaders from the technology, financial and industrial communities, and energy technology innovators.
The BSP had fielded candidates on four seats of Thangadh, but one of them, Mulubhai Jograna, withdrew his nomination papers from Rupavati (Sarodi) seat, leaving the party in the fray from Navagam (Than), Sarodi and Sarsana seats.
Despite its candidate contesting from only three seats, the BSP emerged as the only nationally recognised party left in the contest to challenge the ruling BJP after nomination papers of the Congress candidates were rejected for failing to submit party mandate forms on time.
In fact, Jaypalkumar Rot, the BSP candidate from Sarsana seat was declared winner uncontested after no one challenged his candidacy.
Sarsana seat is reserved for scheduled tribes (ST) this election.
On the other hand, Yuvraj Vala and Vasantben Dabhi are facing BJP candidates from Navanagar (Than) and Sarodi seats.
While one independent candidate is also in contention from Navagam (Than) seat, making it a three-way fight, in Sarodi it will be a dual between Dabhi and BJP’s Kiran Taviya.
In the 2015 election, the BJP had won eight out total 16 seats while Congress had won five.
Two seats were won by Independents while Vijayliya seat, which was reserved for STs, had remained vacant after no one registered their candidature from there.
In the subsequent bypolls too, no one filed nomination papers and eventually, Vijaliya had no representation for five years even as the BJP ruled the taluka panchayat with the help of Independents.
Shailesh Solanki, president of Surendranagr district unit of the BSP said the party is contesting on a total 46 seats of districts and taluka panchayats in Surendrangar district.
“But we could field candidates in only four seats of Thangadh taluka panchayat as our party organisation is not very strong yet.
However, we are giving a tough fight to the BJP,” said Solanki.
Jagdish Makwana, president of Surendranagar district unit of the BJP said it was a novelty for them to be drawn in two-way contest with BSP.
“We have a new rival in Thangadh but we are confident of winning that taluka panchayat.
The party has done a lot of work in the field of roads, provision of drinking water, supplying farmers electricity during daytime, etc.
We are seeking votes in names of development everywhere and BSP being our main rival in Thangah doesn’t change it there also,” Makwana said.
Interestingly, Rot, who is pursuing a nursing degree, was actually chosen by the BJP as its candidate for the seat reserved for the STs but abandoned him later and the BSP seized the opportunity and declared him its official candidate.
“We had chosen this young man but that led to a lot of dissatisfaction among voters of Sarsana and Abhepara, the twin villages which make up Sarsana taluka panchayat seat.
Their main grievance was that Rot is not a native of Thangadh.
He is here because his father is a teacher here, otherwise he is a tribal from north Gujarat and, therefore, he was not the ideal candidate to represent voters here.
Therefore, as demanded by voters, we later withdrew support to Rot’s candidature.
But BSP gave him a ticket and he won uncontested and we don’t mind that,” a BJP functionary told The Indian Express on the condition of anonymity.
Polling for the remaining nine seats of Thangadh taluka panchayat is to be conducted on February 28 and counting of votes will be held on March 2.
On the nine seats, eight candidates of BJP, two of BSP and six Independents are also in the fray.
The Election Commission announced Friday the poll schedule for four states and one Union Territory, in which West Bengal will vote in eight phases, Assam in three, and Tamil Nadu, Kerala, and Puducherry together on the same day.
Voting will be spread over a month between March 27 and April 29, and the results for all five Assemblies will be announced on May 2, Chief Election Commissioner (CEC) Sunil Arora told reporters.
These are the last set of elections that Arora will oversee as CEC before his retirement on April 13.
By then, Assam, Kerala, Tamil Nadu, and Puducherry would have finished voting, and West Bengal would be halfway through its polling.
After this, Election Commissioner Sushil Chandra will take over the reins and oversee the last four phases in West Bengal.
The first phase of polling for 30 seats in West Bengal is scheduled on March 27.
The second phase (30 seats) will be held on April 1, the third (31 seats) on April 6, fourth (44 seats) on April 10, fifth (45 seats) on April 17, sixth (43 seats) on April 22, seventh (36 seats) on April 26 and the final phase for remaining seats on April 29.
Voting in Assam will be spread over three phases, on March 27, April 1 and April 6, respectively.
Polling in Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Puducherry will be held in a single phase on April 6.
“The rollout of the vaccination has created a positive atmosphere regarding the election.
We want to thank the Health ministry for considering Election Commission staff as frontline workers.
After all frontline workers get vaccinated, Election Commission staff will get inoculated at the head office,” Arora said.
Like Bihar, the EC has increased the number of polling stations in each of the four states and UT to limit voters’ maximum number in each polling station to 1,000.
In the pre-Covid era, up to 1,500 voters could vote at a polling station.
For instance, the number of polling stations in West Bengal have been increased by close to 32% and in Assam by 35%.
Voting time, like in Bihar, has also been increased for the upcoming elections by one hour.
Of these five assemblies, Puducherry was the only one that the Congress could win last time.
Currently, President’s Rule has been imposed there and the Assembly kept under suspended animation after the collapse of the V Narayanasamy-led Congress government.
In Tamil Nadu, keen to oust the ruling AIADMK in the forthcoming elections, the DMK has started distributing application forms, seeking aspirants wishing to contest the polls on the party’s symbol – the ‘rising sun’.
The process of handing out application forms has been underway since February 17.
“Jad Modi Maan Jayein” (whenever Prime Minister Modi relents),” this is the refrain at Singhu one month since the Red Fort violence on January 26 when protesting farmers are asked how long their blockade will last.
Mention the offer of keeping the contentious farm laws on hold for 18 months or two years and there are angry responses.
“It is repeal or nothing,” said Veer Bhan, a farmer from Panipat.
“We will not compromise.”
Another farm leader from Jalandhar, Amrik Singh, is busy counting the collections at a desk with a register, a receipt book and a black bag.
Rs 49,000 has come in until this afternoon.
Besides a per-acre “agitation fund” pouring in, those living abroad route funds to him through their relatives.
The daily collection at Singhu these days: an estimated Rs 2-4 lakh.
It was acknowledging this sentiment that Punjab Chief Minister Amarinder Singh underlined how despite “provocations,” like mini-dharnas at over 100 places in the state and blockades on railway tracks, the state government didn’t clamp down.
“Arresting means provocation…the moment I will pick them up, you will find the crowd will swell from hundreds to thousands.
This is provocation and our Punjabis react badly to provocation.”
But the Punjab Police and Intelligence Bureau officials are on tenterhooks.
Sources said senior officials, after visiting Singhu, have assessed that while the number of protestors may have come down from the peak of about 40,000, the population of floating kisans, who spend weekends at the protest sites, has not.
And large jathas of, sometimes, even hundreds of tractors and trailers are being added and, quickly, converted to makeshift caravans.
However, protestors in Kundli are digging in, busy erecting more waterproof tents; fixing wi-fi connections; repairing taps in makeshift toilets and overseeing langar sewas.
Says Subhash Chandra, a farmer from Sirsa, Haryana: “We will sit here for three years.
We will wait for the general elections to come and go.”
“The farmers now have a tested system of panchayats and families contributing vehicles, donations, milk and food,” said a senior official.
“The physical and emotional endurance levels of the farmers is high and they are determined not to come back empty-handed.”
This has been communicated to New Delhi but no fresh dates for negotiations have been fixed amid growing concern over the security fallout.
A restive Punjab is in no one’s interest, the CM said, and Pakistan may try to tap into the fault lines.
The CM also flagged weapon drops: recovery of a consignment of AK-47s and pistols from the Ferozepur sector on September 22last year and 11 hand grenades being dropped by a drone in Gurdaspur.
Indeed, over the last two years, 83 drone sightings have been recorded and 10 drones recovered, seven of them in just 2020.
The security threat is being overplayed to discredit and demotivate the protesting farmers, said Sukhbir Singh Badal, former Deputy Chief Minister: “Captain Amarinder Singh is playing into the hands of the Centre by talking about influx of arms.
The Modi Government has made the repeal of farm laws a prestige issue and they are waiting for farmers to blink first.
But the farmers will not blink.
The strength of the movement is in the outpouring of sewa (service) which the Sikhs are known for.”
The simmering resentment is a cause for concern, says DGP Gupta.
“For the last five years, several organisations have been active in Punjab in a bid to revive militancy on directions from abroad…The agitation over farm laws is an opportunity for groups from across the border to try and further a sense of alienation.
Handlers are trying to leverage the agitation for their own purposes.”
Asked about these “handlers,” Gupta said: “I would not like to name them but bunch them as pro-ISI groups.
Punjab is a border state with a proud culture and tradition.
The Punjabi diaspora is also very active and wealthy.
So any deep sense of alienation or anguish — real or perceived — is not a good thing for Punjab.
And such efforts on part of radical groups have surely increased during this period.”
One month since a section of the farmers’ protests veered off course and turned violent at Red Fort, the stand-off between farmers and the government has turned into a battle of attrition with each side hoping the other will wear down and concede — even without talking to each other.
The Government is of the view that it has lobbed the ball in the farmers’ court after its 18-month hold offer on January 20 and farmers believe the onus is on the establishment to step forward and secure a resolution.
At the meeting, a source said, the leadership’s message was that the farm agitation, three months on after the sit-in began on the capital’s outskirts, was steered by “anti-BJP elements” and the party needs to “wean” the farmers away.
In a clear indication that repeal was off the table, the resolution passed by the party endorsed the three farm laws.
Reinforcing this message is also the very visible campaigning by the party’s top brass for the poll-bound states seemingly unperturbed by the farm protests.
In fact, except for Modi’s appeal to farmers in Parliament that doors were always open, there has been no overture from either side to resume the dialogue.
“There is no back channel.
Whatever proposals had to be made have been made during the 11 rounds of talks,” said a senior official from Agriculture Ministry.
“Jo stithi bani hui hai wah bani hui hai (the situation is as it is).
It can be resolved if the other side (farmers) want to resolve it,” said another official.
The view in the government and ruling party is that the issue is “potent” in Punjab but protests in Haryana, Western UP and parts of Rajasthan have different political imperatives.
“Punjab ke aage zameen nahin hai (it lacks depth outside Punjab).
In Haryana, it is Jats protesting against the second term of a non-Jat dispensation.
In western UP, the Jats are asserting themselves before elections.
Tikait is burnishing his politics.
In Rajasthan, protests are politically mobilized in areas which are not essentially hard core BJP bases,” said a senior BJP leader when asked about the party’s assessment of the mobilisation since Republic Day.
“Punjab is the nub, the Government understands this.
That is why it deliberately did not use force during the protests on Republic Day,” said a senior leader.
He added that the Government had taken note of the security concerns flagged by Punjab Chief Minister Amarinder Singh.
Haryana is a cause for worry for some in the party given the ongoing mahapanchayats although the fact that state elections are four years away is seen as a cushion for the party and the government.
That protests have got leaders from Congress, AAP, INLD, RLD organizing their own public meetings has given an opportunity to the BJP to portray this as a political battle waged by its opponents who are firing from farmers’ shoulders.
Party leaders, however, admit that activist Disha Ravi’s arrest in the Toolkit case, the bail order, and embedding nails on the roads have been “poor political optics.” But they still claim this is not playing out in any election-bound state and not going beyond the “a section of anti-BJP intellectuals.”
At the same time, the BJP is aware that the Red Fort violence which had threatened to erode the farmers’ moral authority is now history; the Ghazipur gathering and the way farmers’ took a strong stand against the violence put paid to that.
“Kicking the can down the road will only hurt the Government, not the protesting farmer,” said a senior leader.
“Something needs to give.”
Worries have been voiced by RSS general secretary Bhaiyyaji Joshi in January that prolonged agitations are not “good for the health of society.” Also, the isolation of the BJP in Punjab and the exit of the Akali Dal from the NDA have deepened anxieties of a Hindu-Sikh division.
The protests also cast a shadow on the Government’s Budget initiatives and its new emphasis on the role of the private sector in the economy.
Forty-five days after her arrest by the Haryana Police for leading an allegedly violent protest by factory workers, labour rights activist Nodeep Kaur, 23, was released from Karnal Jail on Friday evening after the Punjab and Haryana High Court granted her bail earlier in the day.
Kaur, whose arrest had captured international attention, was welcomed outside jail by her family members and supporters led by Delhi Sikh Gurdwara Management Committee president Manjinder Singh Sirsa.
Speaking to reporters, Kaur claimed she had not violated any law and would continue to peacefully protest for the rights of farmers, labourers and women.
“I have come out of jail thanks to the people I had been assisting and fighting for.
Had I done something wrong, people would not have spoken for me.
I would like to wholeheartedly thank all those from around the world who spoke up for me,” Kaur said.
She also expressed her resolve to go to “go back to Singhu” to lend her support to protesting farmers.
Earlier, while granting Kaur bail, Justice Avneesh Jhingan of the Punjab & Haryana HC said that while it would be the subject matter of the trial whether she crossed “the line for peaceful protest, that itself would not be sufficient ground to deny personal liberty to the petitioner”.
Kaur, a member of the Kundli-based Majdoor Adhikar Sangathan, was arrested on January 12 by the Sonipat Police in Haryana while she, along with some other workers, were protesting outside a factory over non-payment of wages to some of the labourers.
Two FIRs were registered against Kaur on January 12 — one on the basis of a complaint by the accountant of the factory where Kaur and the others protested, and the other, in which she was charged with attempt to murder, by the SHO of Kundli Police Station.
While Kaur was on February 15 granted bail by a judicial magistrate in the first case, a Sessions Court in Sonipat had denied her bail in the second case, after which her counsel moved High Court for bail.
In December last year too, Kaur was booked in another case of rioting and extortion, in which she was granted bail.
Kaur had alleged that she was tortured in custody, a charge denied by the police.
But her medical report submitted by the Haryana Police on Friday, on the directions of the High Court, mentioned that Kaur had “simple injuries” caused by a “blunt” weapon.
The report by Civil Hospital, Sonipat, dated January 25, mentions “purplish bruises of around 10×7 cm, present over left thigh, and bruises of around 5×6 cm over right buttock”.
Kaur’s counsel Arshdeep Singh Cheema told The Indian Express that while the report corroborates Kaur’s allegations, her medical examination was conducted only on January 25, by which time her injuries had almost healed.
Kaur was arrested on January 12, and moved an application for medical examination before the magistrate on January 15, following which the court ordered it on January 18.
Kaur, through her counsel, Senior Advocate R S Cheema and Arshdeep Singh Cheema, had contended in the High Court that she, along with some workers, were part of a peaceful protest outside the factory premises.
The Haryana Police, however, argued that the protest that Kaur led had turned violent and that police officials were attacked, and in the process, some of their personnel were injured.
There was also an attempt to snatch weapons from the police, they alleged.
The state counsel also submitted a video recording to say that the protest was violent and that when police tried to disburse the crowd, they were attacked with sticks.
After hearing both sides, Justice Jhingan said, “It would be appropriate to say that the right to peaceful protest is circumscribed by a thin line.
The crossing of line may change the colour of protest.
It would be subject matter of trial as to whether the line for peaceful protest was crossed in the alleged incident or not… The petitioner is in custody since January 12, 2021…Albeit the matter is under investigation but that itself would not be sufficient ground to deny personal liberty to the petitioner.”
The court added that Kaur would have to “maintain a restraint” while being on bail “to ensure that no law and order issues arises due to her actions”.
The court, however, adjourned to April 22 a hearing in a suo motu case over “illegal confinement” of Kaur.
The High Court had suo motu taken over Kaur’s matter after receiving complaints regarding Kaur’s alleged illegal confinement by the Haryana Police.
The AAP chief, who addressed a massive rally at Sarthana in Surat, also met the family members of 22 students who died in a fire tragedy at Takshashila Arcade in the area.
Earlier in the day, Kejriwal garlanded a statue of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel and led a roadshow from Mangadh Chowk in Varachha to Sarthana.
At several places in Patidar-dominated areas, people showered rose petals on Kejriwal and the party’s state president, Gopal Italia.
“With such a massive support and love given to me in the roadshow today, I wanted to say that something unusual might happen in Gujarat in the coming time.
The Congress is finished, and I appeal the few good leaders in the party to join AAP.
In BJP, who are desh bhakts (patriots), should join the AAP.
In the coming days, AAP will make a new Gujarat where people will get free electricity, good hospitals and schools, farmers will not have to commit suicide, and youths will get jobs,” Kejriwal said.
Referring to the party’s success in the municipal corporation elections, he said, “All the 27 elected AAP candidates are youths.
I want to appeal to the youths of Gujarat to stop begging for jobs from these (ruling party) people.
All youths should join politics.
When the youths go to the state Assembly, they will be getting their own jobs.”
Kejriwal said in the Gujarat, people were fed up with both the political parties.
“One party is playing politics of ‘tushtikaran’ (appeasement), while second does politics of ‘nafrat’ (hate).
The public of Gujarat says, we don’t want politics, we want jobs, good schools, colleges, hospitals, roads, and development.
We (AAP) do not know how to do politics, we only know about doing works and we have made best schools, colleges, hospitals in Delhi.”
In the last five years, the AAP government in Delhi has given jobs to 10 lakh youths, he said.
“The BJP is in power in the state for 25 years, the people of Gujarat are asking as in 25 years, how many jobs you have given?
The people wanted to know why the electricity charges are high in Gujarat and highest in the country.
There are many farmers of Gujarat who contacted me and said that in Gujarat farmers gets power only for 8 hours, and in many villages the power supply is in the night.
The farmers have to work in the fields in the night.
People want to know why farmers of Gujarat, are committing suicide.” Earlier, addressing the party’s 27 newly elected corporators at Mota Varachha area of Surat city, Kejriwal said the people of the state were watching them with great hope and if they performed well then in December 2022 “a new revolution will come up in Gujarat”.
Expressing apprehension that there might be “poaching attempts”, he said, “Even if they threaten you, or lure you by any means, or if anybody calls you, just tell (Gujarat AAP president) Gopal Italia.”
Exhorting the party’s leaders for a good show in the SMC polls, Kejriwal said, “You people fought the elections in Gujarat without money and other essential facilities in the BJP’s core areas, where the latter has been in power for 25 years.
It is not a simple thing.
A good start is a big thing… If you 27 people (the newly elected AAP corporators) perform well, then in December 2022 a new revolution will come up in Gujarat.
Public keeps faith in you.
But, if any one among you leaves the party and joins the BJP, they (the people) will criticise the AAP.
If anyone among you leaves the party and joins another party, keep in mind that you would have broken the hope and faith of six crore people of Gujarat.” The AAP leader also urged the 27 party councillors to work hard to serve the people.
“In 2015, the entire results in Gujarat, be it of the taluka, district or nagarpalika, mahanagarpalika, was only because of the (quota) agitation and that the party (Congress) will have to accept… I tell the party leaders time and again that you need to understand the people who have come from the agitation because we are touring.
Even today, my tours are constantly on.
Not a single one of my tours has been decided by the PCC (Pradesh Congress Committee).
Still, I am on my toes because I want to strengthen the party, whether someone else does or not.
They (Congress leaders) might be wanting to pull me down, push me and bring me down.
Let them, I will stand up again.
Because, during the agitation, the BJP would bring me down and I would rise up,” says Hardik, who will complete two years in the Congress on March 12.
“Many times I tell the party that when I joined the Congress, I thought Congress would utilise me.
Even there, I feel that my Pradesh high command, the state party in-charge has failed.
Organise my meetings, I am ready to do 25 meetings a day.
You tell me from today you have to do a 500 km padayatra, assign me something, I tell the party again and again, give me some work,” he says.
If the state Congress had involved him more, says Hardik, it could have prevented the blank in Surat.
According to him, the party leadership asked him to go to the city for a rally a day before the last day of campaigning on February 19, but he declined as he had tours “planned seven days in advance”.
On February 19, the Congress called off its only major rally to be led by state party chief Amit Chavda and AICC guardian leaders Biswaranjan Mohanty and Rajeev Satav, ostensibly after threats of disruption by Patidar Anamat Andolan Samiti (PAAS), an organisation Hardik founded and continues to be a member of.
“Had they told me in the beginning that you have to do 25 rallies in Surat, this would not have been the result.
The Congress party will have to do atma manthan (introspection) and openly speak up about where they failed or were weak… The 6.5 crore people of Gujarat don’t accept BJP, whether anyone believes or not.
But the public wants that if Congress fights, they will vote for it,” he says.
Asked about the void caused by veteran leader Ahmed Patel, who succumbed to Covid-linked complications in November last year, he says: “One thing is clear that the 219 seats that were won uncontested (by BJP) was due to mismanagement.
There is no leader in the state who would call and say, ‘Why do you worry?’ Ahmedbhai would have handled such a crisis.”
In 2018, before joining the Congress, Hardik was convicted to two years in jail in a rioting case related to the Patidar agitation in Mehsana, and is currently out on bail.
Asked if he would contest elections when he is eligible to, he says: “As a working president, if the party wants to use me throughout the state for campaigning in the 2022 (Assembly) elections, then I don’t want to fight the elections.
We want to form the government.
I have not come here to do electoral politics, I have come here to form a government.
Once that is done, everything else will follow.”
On polls, the 27-year-old believes that the youth of today vote “like in the (US) Presidential elections”.
“They only look at Rahul Gandhi and Narendra Modi, they do not have any understanding of politics and the local candidate does not matter to them,” he says.
Asked about the AAP’s performance in Surat and the AIMIM’s entry into Ahmedabad, Hardik says: “If you want to counter all these, come out on the streets and make your heads bloodied.
Fight against the people in power, be bathed in blood.
Not that you tell the SP (Superintendent of Police), ‘We will walk that much, then you can detain us.’ No.
Let the SP do whatever he wants.
If you have to march to the Governor’s place, march, be aggressive.
If you do seva (service) you will get meva (fruit).”
Hardik’s relevance in local politics is visible at the kisan mahapanchayat in Ravapur on the outskirts of Morbi, the ceramic hub.
The slogan that became popular during the Patidar agitation, “Jay Sardar”, rings out as he walks in through the crowd around 30 minutes before the loudspeaker ban at 10 pm Thursday.
Almost immediately, he latches on to two popular current issues.
He asks the people whether they would vote for a party that raised petrol rates to Rs 95-100/litre.
“What happened yesterday?” he asks.
“The Sardar Patel stadium’s name was changed to Narendra Modi Cricket Stadium.
The man who never held a cricket bat… If you only want to lend a name, lend it to say Narendrabhai Free University where our children will study for free…But a stadium built by our tax money, a cricket ground built with our tax, you give your name to it…what kind of justice is this?”
He concludes his speech by invoking the legacy of the Congress and the Independence struggle.
“Your vote will go to Subhash Chandra Bose, Sardar Patel, Jawarharlal Nehru, Mahatma Gandhi, Lal Bahadur Shastri and…Bhagat Singh.
It will go to the party of Indira Gandhi who split Pakistan into two.”
A day after External Affairs Minister S Jaishankar spoke to Chinese State Councillor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi for 75 minutes, New Delhi and Beijing announced that both have agreed to establish a hotline — “for timely communication and exchange of views”, according to China.
But separate readouts of the phone call released by the Ministry of External Affairs (MEA) and China’s Foreign Ministry Friday underscored key differences in emphasis and tone on the path ahead.
But the statement from China underlined that the boundary situation should not be placed at the front and centre of the relationship, but instead at a “proper place” in overall ties — the indication was the two sides should return to business as usual while the issue is dealt with.
Recalling their Moscow meeting of September 2020, where he had expressed concern over unilateral attempts by the Chinese to alter the status quo, Jaishankar told Wang that “bilateral relations have been impacted severely over last year”, the MEA said.
He said that the “boundary question may take time to resolve but disturbance of peace and tranquility including by violence, will inevitably have a damaging impact on the relationship” — a line that is being viewed as unusually direct and blunt.
According to the Chinese readout, Wang noted that lessons from the past deserve deep contemplation.
“There has been some wavering and backpedaling in India’s China policy, and practical cooperation between the two countries has been affected.
This does not serve the interests of either side.
Decades of experiences have shown repeatedly that heightening differences does not help solve problems, and that it only erodes the basis of mutual trust,” it said.
On the current disengagement, according to the MEA, Jaishankar again referred to the Moscow meeting where both ministers had agreed that the border situation was not in the interest of either side and that troops should continue their dialogue, quickly disengage and ease tensions.
Noting the “completion of disengagement in Pangong Lake area”, Jaishankar “emphasized that both sides should now quickly resolve the remaining issues along the LAC in Eastern Ladakh”.
“The External Affairs Minister said that once disengagement is completed at all friction points, then the two sides could also look at broader de-escalation of troops in the area and work towards restoration of peace,” the MEA said.
According to MEA, Wang “expressed satisfaction at the progress made so far” and described it as “an important step forward for restoration of peace” in border areas.
“He felt that both sides should make efforts to consolidate outcomes.
It was also necessary to sincerely implement the common understanding reached at various levels.
He spoke about the need to improve management and control in the border areas,” it said.
According to China, “Wang said that the frontline troops of the two countries have recently completed disengagement in the Pangong Lake areas.
The situation on the ground has been noticeably eased.”
It said that “it is imperative for the two sides to cherish the hard-won relaxation, and work together to consolidate the progress, keep up the consultation momentum, further ease the situation, and improve the border management and control mechanisms.
The two sides also need to advance the boundary talks to build up mutual trust and realize peace and tranquility in the border areas.”
The Indian statement, at this point, outlined a stepwise approach to normalisation and quoted Jaishankar as saying that it was “necessary that the two sides should work towards early resolution of remaining issues” and “disengage at all friction points in order to contemplate de-escalation of forces in this sector”.
Beijing also characterised Jaishankar’s statement in a similar fashion.
“India wants more dialogue and consultation with China to realize quick disengagement at the remaining points to further de-escalate the situation at the boundary and maintain peace and tranquility in the border areas.
The Indian side, having in mind the long-term development and larger picture of bilateral relations, is ready to act on the important understandings between the leaders of both countries for the bilateral relationship to get back on track at an early date,” it said.
Moving on, India referred to Jaishankar’s speech in January and said Wang noted that the “Indian side had proposed ‘three mutuals’ (mutual respect, mutual sensitivity and mutual interests) as the approach to the relationship”.
According to Beijing, Wang — much like the Chinese leadership’s approach in the past — pointed out that both China and India are “ancient civilizations and major emerging economies”.
Making a case for decoupling the boundary issue from the overall relationship, Beijing said: “The two sides need to commit to the strategic consensus reached between their leaders, stay on the right path toward mutual trust and cooperation between big neighbours, and never take the wrong path of mutual misgivings and suspicion, still less the path of retrogression.
They should handle the boundary question properly to prevent the bilateral relationship from sinking into a negative cycle.
While that the two countries have boundary disputes is an objective fact, which should be taken seriously, it is not the whole of China-India relations, and it should be put at a proper place in the overall bilateral relations,” Beijing said.
“As two big emerging economies, China and India need to pursue development alongside each other, move forward in partnership instead of hindrance, and work together for shared progress rather than erecting walls against each other.
They can begin from easier things and proceed incrementally so as to build up enabling conditions for a better relationship and greater practical cooperation between them,” the Chinese said.
While the BJP hopes that the investment it has made in Bengal — a shrill Hindutva push from its local leaders, coupled with frequent visits from the top brass, including Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Union Home Minister Amit Shah — will see an unprecedented sweep by the party, the TMC believes the streetfighter in Banerjee will rise to keep the BJP at bay.
And then, there is a third possible outcome, that rare event in Bengal’s politics that hasn’t happened since Ajoy Mukherjee was Chief Minister in 1971, 50 years ago — a close election.
Irrespective of the outcome, what is certain is that this will be a polarising electoral campaign, the likes of which Bengal, a Communist bastion for long, has never witnessed.
The run-up to the campaign has offered more than a sneak peak of what’s in store.
With the BJP shrill with its Durga Puja, Saraswati Puja and Jai Shri Ram rhetoric, Banerjee has had to tone down her hard secular narrative since the 2019 Lok Sabha elections to avoid the BJP from cornering the TMC into taking a Hindu-Muslim position.
But the party is conscious that the state’s over 30 per cent minority electorate will come in handy to ward off the BJP’s challenge.
Sources in the TMC point out that that the state has more minority votes than UP and Bihar, which will make it difficult for the latter to recreate its polarising campaign that reaped dividends in UP.
In fact, party sources say, any polarisation by the BJP will only consolidate votes for the TMC.
“A combination of majority of minorities (Muslims) and minority of majority (Hindu) vote will be sufficient to seal West Bengal for us (TMC),” confided an influential poll management functionary in the TMC camp.
Additionally, TMC poll managers point to how the BJP’s confidence rests on Jangalmahal in the western parts of the state and Coochbehar in the north (where it had secured a strong foothold during the Lok Sabha elections), while almost 200 of the state’s 294 Assembly seats are from nine districts – South 24 Parganas, North 24 Parganas, Mushidabad, Hoogly, Malda, Howrah, East Medinipur, West Medinipur, Burdwan and Nadia.
“The BJP’s strength is these areas is not same as their strength in other districts,” insisted the TMC poll manager.
In the last election, the TMC had won over 150 Assembly seats from these districts alone.
Trinamool leaders also make it a point to remind that this is not a Lok Sabha election, and that the BJP’s performance in the state in 2019 is not a handy tool to predict its performance in this election.
“Mamata Banerjee was not standing for Prime Minister (in 2019), and it was clear the BJP was winning across the country.
If you look at national to state elections, the BJP vote share drops around 10 percent,” said a Trinamool leader.
Additionally, the TMC camp feels that a bipolar contest with the BJP suits the party better than a triangular contest with the Left-Congress alliance.
Reason: the TMC camp feels that in the event of a strong bipolar election, the anti-BJP vote will consolidate behind the party instead of getting divided between the TMC and Left-Congress.
But the BJP, buoyed by the number of key TMC members who have joined its ranks, from Mukul Roy to Suvendu Adhikari, is fighting to win.
The party has set up a multi-layered organisational structure for election management.
While retaining the winning combination of the two state in-charges — RSS pracharak and national joint general secretary (organisation) Shiv Prakash and party general secretary Kailash Vijayvargiya — who steered the party organisation during the Lok Sabha election, party president J P Nadda spared two more hands, RSS pracharak Arvind Menon and Amit Malviya, to assist Shiv Prakash and Vijayvargiya.
Earlier this month, the party already launched ‘Parivartan Yatras’ in each of these zones – three flagged off by Nadda and two by Shah.
These yatras are to pass through at least three Assembly segments every day, where local leaders, state leaders and one Central leader will sound the poll bugle.
These yatras are likely to culminate in a rally to be addressed by Modi at Brigade Ground in Kolkata early next month.
There are many other nuts and bolts, starting with candidate selection, that will eventually influence the election.
The third front is vital too, and questions remain of whether the Congress-Left alliance — with the Indian Secular Front, a party founded by an influential Muslim cleric in Hooghly, as the latest to join the grouping — can dent the BJP or Trinamool’s chances.
With eight phases, and two months between polling and counting day, it’s all up in the air.
For the ruling AIADMK, the coming polls are all about their future – a failure to win could result in the possible hijack of the party by ousted leader V K Sasikala.
For the DMK, on the other hand, a loss in this election could mean political wilderness – the party has already been in the opposition for the past decade.
The polls also are a test for a new generation of leaders — Edappadi K Palaniswami (66) and M K Stalin (67) — who are leading their parties into an Assembly election for the first time, while dealing with simmering displeasures within their own ranks.
In the 2016 Assembly polls, the AIADMK with J Jayalalithaa at the helm was voted back to power, with a third front led by the Left and Dalit parties splitting the anti-incumbency votes and spoiling the chances for the DMK.
However, this time around, in the absence of conventional political issues, AIADMK and DMK are left with limited targets to attack each other.
Irrespective of all these issues, Ramu Manivannan, who teaches political science in the University of Madras, said that what matters to Tami Nadu politics is how far the BJP surge would happen when they are in the alliance of a powerful ruling party like AIADMK.
However, the DMK continues to have an edge ahead of the election, thanks to its alliance – Stalin has joined hands with the Congress, Left parties, Dalit party VCK, Vaiko’s MDMK and several smaller outfits representing powerful communities from the western and southern regions of Tamil Nadu.
The opposition hopes that the AIADMK alliance with the BJP also will help the DMK win the support of Dravidian voters and the minority communities.
And the ruling dispensation has yet another disadvantage — the Sasikala faction has considerable influence in the Delta and southern districts.
ON THE call given by BKU Ugrahan, yet another batch of farmers started off for the Tikri border.
However, this time, they were seen going in buses instead of convoys of tractors.
This change has come about ever since the January 26 episode.
On Friday, villagers from over 700 villages of 15 districts of Punjab went to the Tikri border.
A batch went by bus Friday morning while another batch went by Punjab Mail from Ferozepur, with the train making stops at Faridkot, Bathinda and Mansa as well.
“they were in thousands, we cannot give an exact count,” said Sukhdev Singh Kokrikalan, general secretary BKU Ugrahan.
Earlier, a number of people were sponsoring fuel for tractors, many others were giving their buses free of cost and farmers had to bear expenses of only fuel.
But now the number of vehicles only on fuel has reduced and keeping in mind the summer ahead, farmer unions are spending funds judiciously.
Farmers have yet another event scheduled for Women’s Day on March 8 when women are expected to move to borders in large numbers.
Sources said that after the January 26 episode, farmer unions have become extra cautious.
Union leaders indicated that many anti-social elements may also join tractor riders on the way on the pretext of seeking a lift.
“Farmers at times stop on the way as well and hence the convoy also breaks.
Tractor-trolleys can lead to road accidents as well.
So there are multiple reasons for taking fewer tractors towards Delhi now,” said Jagseer Singh Kothaguru from Kothaguru village of Bathinda district.
On Friday night, batches of farmers left for Bahadurgarh via Punjab Mail which started from Ferozepur and farmers boarded it en route from Bathinda and Mansa, Faridkot as well.
“We need to carry milk along, hence the train suits us more,” said Gora Singh, from Mansa district.
Youngsters as well as elderly were going in equal numbers, Kokrikalan said.
Replying to Lakha Sidhana’s appeal to youngsters to start going towards borders to support kisan unions, he said, “What can we say about him, if he is so confident about the youngsters who are supporting him.
they can very well organise a dharna at any border of Delhi.
I don’t want to go much into his statements.
All the unions are on one platform on the issue of farm laws and so are the people.”
Sources said a number of villagers have been sent notices by Delhi Police after their tractors were spotted in the national capital on Republic Day.
Though farmer union leaders have asked villagers to tear off these notices, sources said this could be another reason for taking fewer tractors towards Delhi borders.
ALTHOUGH THE schedule of the Assembly elections were announced on Thursday, the Congress is nowhere close to a seat-sharing arrangement with the DMK in Tamil Nadu, and new entrant Indian Secular Front has complicated and delayed the Congress-Left seat-sharing exercise in West Bengal.
In Tamil Nadu, the DMK is said to be flexing its muscles, much to the chagrin of the Congress.
Sources in the Congress in Bengal said the Left parties have more or less finalised a seat-sharing agreement with the Indian Secular Front (ISF) led by Furfura sharif Pirzada Abbas Siddiqui but the newly formed party is still bargaining hard.
The sources said the Left parties have agreed to give 30 seats to the ISF from their quota but Siddiqui is seeking more seats from the Congress.
The Congress, sources said, cannot part with more seats to the ISF.
Last time, it had won 44 seats, out of which 22 are in the Muslim-concentrated Murshidabad and Malda districts.
“Those are our strong areas.
We cannot give many seats in these two districts.
It is difficult for us,” a senior leader said.
Asked about the Election Commission’s decision to hold elections in eight phases, Chowdhury said the Congress has no objection to it.
“It only proves that the law and order situation in Bengal is not good.
We don’t have any problem.
We have been demanding that elections should be held in a free and fair manner.
The administration is in the pocket of the ruling party.
So we have in the past raised many complaints.
We don’t have any problem if elections are held in eight phases…ultimately, people should be allowed to vote freely,” he said.
In Tamil Nadu, the Congress and the DMK held the first round of seat sharing talks on Thursday.
But the Congress was in for a shock when the DMK negotiators told them that the party cannot part with more than 25 seats for it.
The Congress, sources said, asked for over 50 seats.
The party had contested in 41 seats last time but could win only eight.
Sources said the DMK interlocutors told the Congress leaders that its strike rate last time around was poor and the DMK cannot afford to give more seats this time as it wants to contest more seats.
While the DMK side was represented by general secretary Duraimurugan, treasurer T R Baalu and Lok Sabha MP and senior leader Kanimozhi, the Congress side was led by former Kerala chief minister Oommen Chandy and AICC general secretary Randeep Surjewala.
Soon after the dates were announced, senior Assam minister and the BJP’s key leader in the Northeast, Himanta Biswa Sarma, tweeted, “Assam Assembly Polls are announced and we seek your blessing to form government again.
We’re grateful for your faith and cooperation in the last 5 years during which Assam witnessed stupendous growth.
We promise to continue the same under the leadership of Hon PM Sri Narendra Modi.”
In the 2016 elections to the 126-member House, the winning alliance comprised the BJP (61), the Bodoland People’s Front (13 seats) and the Asom Gana Parishad (14 seats).
This time, the BJP will continue its alliance with the AGP but has broken with the BPF, instead going with the United People’s Party Liberal (UPPL) in the Bodoland region.
Meanwhile, the Congress and the AIUDF, together with three Left parties and a regional party, have announced a grand alliance against the BJP.
AIUDF leader Badruddin Ajmal enjoys a large support base in the state’s Bengali-origin Muslim community.
In Assam, where ethnic fault lines are rigidly marked, the BJP’s political rhetoric for the elections has centred on development and “saving” Assam’s culture and language, especially from the perceived threat of Bengali-origin Muslim community.
Even as the saffron party talks about infrastructure development, it has constantly attacked Ajmal and the AIUDF.
It has criticised the Congress for tying up with AIUDF.
Union Home Minister Amit Shah on Thursday said that the Congress has tied up with Ajmal in its “lust for power”.
Sarma recently called Ajmal an “enemy” of Assam and claimed that he was “trying for something which is alien to Assamese culture”.
The Congress-led alliance is concentrating on the anti-CAA stance.
The party has called the BJP’s promises as “lies”.
Addressing a rally earlier this month, Congress leader Rahul Gandhi said his party will not let the CAA be implemented if it comes to power, and that it will protect the Assam Accord.
The new parties too are vociferously campaigning against the CAA and about protecting the Assamese identity, while talking about strengthening the state’s economy, amongst other issues.
For the CPI (M), Kerala is the only state where the party is in power.
A loss for the LDF would mean the Left being wiped out from governance in the country.
The ruling coalition however, emerged the winner in recently-held local body elections, which it fought amidst a host of political scandals.
The win is likely to be a huge boost in confidence.
Besides, the LDF is banking upon the work carried out under its regime in the last five years, under the leadership of Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan.
Another apparent advantage for the incumbent political coalition is that it has got back a faction of the JD (S), which had moved to UDF in 2009, to the LDF fold.
That apart, regional Christian party Kerala Congress (M), which has been with the UDF for the last four decades, has joined the LDF.
The coalition will count on KC (M) to tilt votes from Central Kerala in its favour.
Presently, the AICC has taken control of the state’s poll machinery and the party is banking on the Indian Union Muslim League (IUML) to effectively counter the BJP and swing Muslim votes in their favour.
The Congress has also brought back former chief minister Oommen Chandy after its ouster at the civic body elections.
After the departure of the KC (M), UDF also has to keep Christians and Muslims, its traditional vote bank, in its camp against the backdrop of a section of Christians pulling apart from UDF citing IUML’s growing dominance in the coalition.
In many constituencies, the BJP has been pushing this perception.
As usual, CPI (M) and Congress are vying with each other to win secular votes, by highlighting their credentials in fighting against the BJP.
The NDA meanwhile, debuted in the 2016 elections with party veteran O Rajagopal winning a seat.
The party also emerged a runner-up in seven seats where it fought with the Hindu party Bharat Dharma Jana Sena (BDJS).
Five years later, the BDJS has split and lost its steam.
Although several high profile personalities have joined the BJP in the recent months, it remains to be seen if they can bring along a chunk of voters to the BJP.
Addressing a party rally in Thiruvananthapuram after the election schedule was announced, Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan said, “it is up to people to evaluate the government.
For LDF, development meant a comprehensive one based on social justice.
By opposing various developmental projects, Opposition has insulted the people,’’ he said.
Opposition Leader Ramesh Chennithala said, “we are confident that people of Kerala would rally behind UDF against the LDF government, which is embroiled in corruption and scandals,’’ he said.
Hours after the Election Commission of India (ECI) announced the Assembly poll dates for West Bengal and three other states, Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee on Friday wondered if it had announced the eight-phase schedule for the state on the “advice” of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Union Home Minister Amit Shah.
The Trinamool Congress chief asked if the Assembly polls can be conducted in three phases in Assam and in one phase in Tamil Nadu why the schedule for Bengal was spread over eight phases.
Banerjee objected to the ECI’s decision to hold polls in different phases in the same district.
“They have divided districts into part 1 and part 2.
Since we are powerful in South 24 Parganas, it is being done in three phases.
They are teaching us BA part 1, part 2….” she said.
The TMC chief cautioned the poll panel to not see “things through the eyes of the BJP”.
“I have seen this list (of the election schedule) in the BJP’s party office, and today, I see the same list outside,” she alleged.
“I am really sorry and shocked.
We know all the drama Vivek Dubey created in 2019 (Lok Sabha elections) when he was deputed as an election observer here.
The same man is being deputed again,” she said.
In 2019, the ECI had appointed senior IPS officer Vivek Dubey as the special police observer for West Bengal.
Banerjee asked the Centre to avoid “misusing” its agencies for the election.
Banerjee also alleged the BJP was trying to divide the people on the basis of religion.
“They are diving people on the lines of Hindu-Muslim.
They are dividing people into Bengalis and non-Bengalis.
No problem.
The game is on.
The game will play in eight phases.
We will play and win…” she said.
“You (BJP) will be routed despite all the conspiracies.
This is an insult to the people of Bengal and they would give a fitting response,” the Chief Minister said.
At the same time, a win for Mamata Banerjee-led TMC in West Bengal and the DMK-led alliance in Tamil Nadu would witness an aggressive federal pushback that could slow down the BJP’s push.
It could also set a tone for the next general election.
Besides, the coming together of the Congress and the AIUDF has made the road bumpier.
And, an intensifying internal strain could cause some trouble.
While a clear win would leave the state leadership issue to the top brass at the national level, a split verdict would force it to rely on a leader like Himanta Biswa Sarma who can bring in coalition partners.
In West Bengal, where former party president Amit Shah is directly managing the party’s strategy, the outstanding performance in the last Lok Sabha elections — 18 of 42 seats — has kept the party upbeat.
But the religious demography makes its task tougher.
With the Muslim population at almost 30 per cent, the party is relying heavily on consolidation of Hindu votes.
“We are going to improve our Lok Sabha performance.
If the elections are held free and fair, the BJP would come to power with two-thirds majority,” BJP general secretary in-charge of West Bengal, Kailash Vijayvargiya, said.
So far, the BJP has succeeded in claiming an edge in the perception war by getting a number of popular TMC leaders, including MLAs, to defect.
But party leaders admitted that the “battle is not yet won”.
Like in Assam, the NRC and the CAA are tricky issues.
Party leaders are facing criticism for not implementing the CAA that could have given citizenship to a number of Hindus in various pockets.
“Among these states, Tamil Nadu is the toughest nut to crack.
Unlike in Kerala, the party has more at stake as it is important for us to see that the NDA remains linked to power in the state, not just for our southern ambitions but also for maintaining a national character,” said a BJP leader.
Despite setbacks in initial moves to win over smaller communities, the BJP’s focus is on getting rid of its image as a ‘North Indian party’.
In Kerala, the party’s hopes of bringing together Nairs and Ezhavas in the Hindu community, and the Christians, seem to be fading with its state leadership failing to take constructive steps.
The BJP may have to be satisfied with setting up triangular fights with the CPI(M)-led LDF and Congress-led UDF in a few constituencies.
But if the party focuses on its “Congress-mukt Bharat” agenda, it could potentially damage Congress prospects.
“Like in Tamil Nadu and Kerala, Puducherry also, whatever we win is going to be an achievement.
We do not have much stake in these states, so we have nothing to lose,” said a senior party leader.
The BJP has one MLA in Kerala, three nominated MLAs in Puducherry and no presence in the Tamil Nadu Assembly.
Inaugurating the second edition of the Khelo India Games at Gulmarg, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday said that the organisation of the games in Jammu and Kashmir depicts that the UT is “ready to touch new heights of peace and prosperity.”
Addressing visitors and sportspersons at the winter games through video-conference, the Prime Minister said, the games are a major step towards creating a new sporting ecosystem in J&K and a major hub with India’s effecntive presence in the Winter Games.
The winter games are scheduled to be held from February 26 to March 2 at Gulmarg.
Approximately 1,200 athletes from 27 states and UTs are participating in the event.
Stating that the number of players participating in the winter games have doubled his year, PM Modi remarked that this demonstrates the increasing enthusiasm towards sports.
“This will also provide a boost to the tourism sector in J&K,” he added.
The Prime Minister said that sports so far were treated only as a co-curricular activity but, “now sports will be part of the curriculum and its grading will be counted.” He underscored that sports has been given a place of pride in the recent National Education Policy-2020.
“This is a big reform for sports as well as our students,” he said.
Addressing the participants, the PM said that as the participants display their talent in the winter games, they are not just sportspersons but brand ambassadors of Aatmanirbhar Bharat.
THE WORKING Group on Arbitrary Detention (WGAD), a body under the United Nations, has asked for the immediate release of VVIP chopper deal accused Christian James Michel on the ground that his over two years detention in India is “arbitrary”, Michel’s lawyers claimed on Friday.
It has also taken cognizance of submission by Michel’s lawyers that his handover to India in 2018 by UAE authorities was a “swap deal” for Princess Latifa, they said.
“On 26 February 2020, the UN WGAD published Opinion No.88/2020 which ruled that Christian Michel, a British national, is being arbitrarily detained by the Republic of India, in contravention of both the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR) and the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights,” a statement released by Michael’s lawyers Zimeray & Finelle Avocats in Paris, and Aljo K Joseph in Delhi said.
India rejected the opinion expressed by the Working Group, saying it was based on “limited information” and “biased allegations”.
“We regret that the conclusions drawn by the Working Group are based on limited information, biased allegations from an unidentified source and on an inaccurate understanding of India’s criminal justice system.
… The allegations which form the basis of the opinion …are contrary to facts.
The Government of India therefore, rejects the opinion,” MEA spokesperson Anurag Srivastava said.
The MEA said the government had provided timely information to the Working Group on the matter in June last year.
“The extradition was done entirely in accordance with the provisions of the Extradition Treaty signed between two sovereign States.
The arrest and subsequent custody were done as per the due process of law and cannot be considered arbitrary on any grounds,” Srivastava said.
“At no time was the accused denied his rights to legal counsel or a fair hearing.
The fact that he has been able to approach Courts on multiple occasions including the higher judiciary is itself proof of this.
There have also been no restrictions on consular access by the authorities.
He has been treated at par as other detainees and provided all facilities by the prison authorities as per rules,” he added.
Both CBI and ED are probing cases against Michel.
He is alleged to have played a key role as middleman in the Rs 3,600 crore AgustaWestland deal for purchase of choppers.
Michel had been brought to India from the UAE in December 2018 on a special flight.
He is currently lodged in Tihar Jail.
A Central team set up by the Ministry of Environment, Forests and Climate Change to look in to the death of six elephants in the Karlapat Wildlife Sanctuary in Kalahandi in January and February has in its preliminary report pointed to a disease, Haemorrhagic Septicemia, caused by a bacteria called pasteurella multocida.
Two cattle were also found dead in the sanctuary.
The Central team found another elephant’s body during its visit to the site — all the deaths were reported near water bodies and all the pachyderms were females part of a herd of nine elephants.
Pasteurella multocida are bacteria found commonly in the respiratory tract of herbivores, especially in cattle.
The bacteria rapidly multiply and move from the respiratory tract to the bloodstream only when the animal’s body faces stress, has low immunity or is unhealthy — as was the case with the cattle in Tentulipada village in Kalahandi district.
This causes diarrhoea and often haemorrhagic septicemia, which can be fatal.
Of the nine animals found dead in Karlapat, seven were pregnant.
There is stress in the body of animals when they are pregnant which makes them vulnerable to diseases, according to a ministry official.
The elephants are likely to have contracted the bacteria from cattle residing in the Tentulipada village, a small hamlet of 12 households, inside the sanctuary.
The cattle would have passed on the disease to the elephants through contamination of the soil through faecal droppings or contamination of the water bodies.
The disease is believed to have then swept through the herd, from one elephant to another, through direct contact.
After conducting post mortem and RNA extraction tests, the samples have now been sent to the Indian Veterinary Research Institute in Bareilly, UP, for a final confirmation.
Tests have so far confirmed high levels of the bacteria, at 86 percent, in the samples.
Veterinary and forest officials in Odisha are now on high alert to prevent the disease.
Eight teams of 10 forest officials have been patrolling the sanctuary, tracking the two surviving elephants for signs of the disease and ensuring they are away from the other elephants — the forest had 22 elephants before the deaths were reported.
THE DANTEWADA district administration launched its Lon Varratu (meaning return home, in Gondi) campaign in June last year, putting up pamphlets encouraging Maoists to surrender.
Of the more than 1,600 Maoists in villages as per police records, around 300 have surrendered in the past eight months, with most moving back to their villages.
On Tuesday evening, one of them, 20-year-old Pande, accused of being the member of a theatre group linked to Maoists, died at a guest house in the police lines, reportedly of suicide.
On Thursday, a sobbing Somari Kawasi said she was not allowed to meet her daughter in lock-up just hours earlier.
The family also said the police had held Pande from a friend’s place on February 18.
Somari and Pande’s father Sannu initially refused to take her body, before yielding on Thursday evening following a meeting with Dantewada Collector Deepak Soni.
The Collector announced a magisterial inquiry on Wednesday, and Rs 1 lakh to the family for Pande’s cremation.
“Our daughter could never have killed herself.
If I was allowed to meet her, maybe she would be alive,” Somari, 40, a resident of Gudse village of Katekalyan block, said.
The day Pande was held, she had gone to her friend Jogi’s house, Somari added.
“The two were picked up in front of the entire village.”
Police, however, claim that Jogi, who carries a bounty of Rs 5 lakh on her head, surrendered on February 18 along with Pande.
They say they didn’t want to detain Pande but she insisted on accompanying Jogi.
Police also claim that the Chetna Natya Mandali of which Pande was an “active member” is a cultural offshoot of the Maoists.
The family denies this.
SP Abhishek Pallav said the two women were kept in a guest house in the Karli police lines.
“We kept them under supervision of two women constables.”
As per police, Jogi said that Pande had gone to the bathroom, and when she didn’t come out for 30 minutes, she and one of the constables went to check.
“They found Pande hanging from a beam with a gamcha.”
When police produced Jogi briefly before the activists and the family, she answered questions in monosyllables.
She denied any sexual assault.
On February 19, Somari and Sannu first made their way to the Dantewada district headquarters, more than 60 km from their village, with sarpanch Hemlata Kawasi, to find out about Pande, and were told she “surrendered”.
When they met Pande the next day, Somari said, Pande broke down.
“She wanted to come home.
She said she had been beaten up.”
The family said they were told by the police to come the following week to take Pande back.
“On Tuesday, we reached around 2 pm, but were told she is being interrogated.
We were asked to come in the evening,” Sannu said in broken Hindi.
Around 4.30 pm, they got a call from the Karli guest house.
“No one told us anything, a staff member guided us to her room, where Jogi met us.
Pande was lying in the bathroom… There were no strangulation marks,” Sannu said.
Demanding an independent probe, Somari said, “Our daughter was kept against her will, brutalised, and pushed to take this extreme step.”
SP Pallav said he was ready for any probe, blaming the family for Pande’s death.
“Jogi and Pande consistently said they wanted to work with the police but persuasion by family members and local public representatives under pressure of Maoists led to the loss of a life.” According to Pallav, the family members kept telling Pande that Maoists would not take her surrender kindly.
About why police had turned the family away on Tuesday afternoon, Pallav said he had told them to come later since he was out for work.
The post-mortem report is awaited.
Pallav accused the activists and villagers of trying to defame the Lon Varratu scheme.
The surrendered ultras are allowed to go back home, police say, unless they have a threat against them, in which case they are kept at camps or made to work with the forces.
Guru Ravidass had propounded and advocated the concept of “Begumpura” or a city without sorrow (“gam”), where there will be no taxes and where there would be no discrimination and all would be located horizontally in the socio-economic landscape.
Many of the legends and hagiographical accounts related to Guru Ravidas attest to his equalitarian philosophy, his non-combative sahajbhao or persuasive mode of preaching.
Train no.
12238, formerly Jammu-Tawi- Varanasi Express via Jalandhar, is now known as Begumpura Express.
On the occasion of Ravidass Jayanti every year, special reserved trains of Begumpura Express, carrying thousands of pilgrims begin their journey from Jalandhar Station to Varanasi, to commemorate the birth of Guru Ravidass.
The train engine’s front carries a full-size flex poster of Guru Ravidass and the compartments are all decked up with balloons and posters of the gurus of Dera Ballan.
It has now become a tradition since early 2000.
The DJ system in the background, playing the songs of Dalit singers such as Ginni Mahi, Roop Lal Dhir and others, young Ravidassia frenetically dance outside the railway station as the decorated train starts for Varanasi.
The 15th century Bhakti poet Guru Ravidass was born in Varanasi, Uttar Pradesh, in a family belonging to a community that worked with leather and considered lowly and ‘polluting’ in the caste-ridden social hierarchy.
But through his sheer intellectual brilliance and by preaching the philosophy of inclusive coexistence, based on a casteless and classless society, he received widespread appreciation and reverence from people across all strata.
Many from the then princely states, including Mirabai, became his disciples.
For over more than a decade the Dera of Ballan in Jalandhar has been singularly and actively in the forefront of developing the birth place of Guru Ravidass in Varanasi in Seer Goverdhanpur, close to the Banaras Hindu University campus, with generous financial support from its followers, a major chunk coming from the diaspora.
Guru Ravidas Janamsthan in Varanasi in that sense over the years has emerged as a major pilgrimage centre for the Ravidassias of the region.
Guru Ravidass and his teachings are just as relevant even today.
Guru Ravidass had a unique way of critiquing the discriminatory caste system and ritualism prevalent in the society.
Guru Ravidas, preached without any irreverence to those who did not follow him.
He continued to practice his traditional caste-profession throughout his life, despite accolades and the status of an enlightened soul, essentially to communicate a message that the work or labour is what takes the human beings closer to the almighty or Hari and there is no hierarchy of professions.
When the Guru Granth Sahib, the holy book of the Sikhs, was being compiled, 40 shabads of Guru Ravidass were included in it, signifying the prevailing ethos of syncretism and religious co-existence.
Yes.
One has to travel and be part of it to actually experience it.
In UP, the local Ravidassia groups will assemble with bands and much fanfare to greet the Dera Mahant and the pilgrims.
On these occasions, stations get filled with the thunderous chants of “Jo Bole So Nirbhaya, Sat Guru Ravidas Maharaj Ki Jai”, the salutation of the Ravidassia, meaning “Be fearless, the disciple of Guru Ravidas”.
The salutation announces the community’s public presence and demonstrates its growing strength and aspirations.
Indelibility of caste as an institution is well documented.
Punjab society too experienced this phenomenon where caste markers continued to stigmatise some as the lowly and ‘polluting’ despite a vibrant and egalitarian culture of social existence propagated by Sikhism.
The mushrooming of Dalit-Deras of all denominations and the phenomenon of separate Dalit gurdwaras and cremation grounds in the villages of Punjab represent that collapse of that collective dream of Begumpura, as Ravidas envisioned.
Ravidassias of Punjab, especially those associated with the Dera Ballan, have been the most vocal about this changed scenario.
Dera Ballan belongs to the prosperous Doaba region, often referred to as the NRI region of Punjab.
The community has historically been affluent and influential owing to its traditional monopoly of leather business since colonial times.
Backed by the head start in the economic sphere, the Ravidassias over the century have spread across continents with sizeable numbers in countries like Italy, Austria, Canada, UK and the USA.
Locally placed Ravidassias, almost entirely non-landed in Punjab, like the other Dalits, too benefitted from access to non-farm occupations, mostly in urban areas, as the local agrarian relations became less favourable with the entry of migrants from other poor pockets of the country.
Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath on Friday said the Union Ministry of Civil Aviation had approved the state proposal to develop an international airport in Ayodhya and sanctioned Rs 250 crore for operation of ATR-72 aircraft in the first phase.
He said the state had already allocated Rs 1,000 crore to the district administration for land acquisition for the airport.
Last week during the Budget session in the Assembly, the state government had decided to name the airport as ‘Maryada Purushotam Sriram Airport, Ayodhya’.
“All of you know that people of Indian origin or NRIs live in different countries in large numbers, and all of them desire to visit Ayodhya.
Thus, the Uttar Pradesh government sent a proposal to the Government of India to develop the Ayodhya airstrip as an international airport,” said Adityanath.
Thanking Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Union Civil Aviation Minister Hardeep Singh Puri for the approval, he said, “The Government of India has given its approval to the proposal of Uttar Pradesh so that ATR-72 or likewise aircraft can be operated from there and has sanctioned Rs 250 crore for the same…”
The 17-year-old girl who was among the three cousins who were poisoned in Uttar Pradesh’s Unnao district on February 17 has recovered and returned home on Friday afternoon, said senior police officers.
Bodies of two Dalit girls, aged 13 and 16, had been found in the family’s field in Unnao district, while the 17-year-old cousin was found in an unconscious state near them.
On February 19, police arrested a 28-year-old man in this connection.
Police said he confessed to mixing poison in water to target the eldest of the three cousins after she allegedly spurned his advances.
Police also detained a 15-year-old, who the police say is 19 years old, a claim which has been disputed by the accused’s family.
Speaking on Friday, Unnao SP Anand Kulkarni said, “She (the 17-year-old) was discharged around 2 pm on Friday from hospital after doctors felt she had recovered completely.
She was kept under observation in a special ward for 24 hours.
Doctors discharged her after she recovered completely.”
The SP said the crime scene was recreated with the accused on Friday afternoon.
“We had got the custody of the accused for eight hours – from 9 am to 5 pm.
We used the time to recreate the crime scene to fill in the gaps in the narrative of how the whole incident unfolded,” said Kulkarni, adding that police are treating the second accused as an adult.
On Tuesday, police had said the 17-year-old girl recorded her statement corroborating the findings of the investigators.
A 17-year-old student was rescued from her house in Cuttack Friday after it was allegedly set ablaze by unknown miscreants, police said.
According to police, the girl was rescued in a semi-conscious state with her hands and legs tied, and she is currently undergoing treatment at a hospital in the city.
The owner of the house first spotted smoke billowing from the apartment and alerted authorities, they said
The victim, a native of Jagatsinghpur district, lived with her family in the apartment but was alone at the time of the incident, police said.
As per preliminary investigations there was no sign of sexual assault, police said.
The girl’s uncle alleged that the miscreants assaulted and sedated her and tried to set her on fire.
“Before being taken to the hospital, she had informed her house owner that four men with their faces covered had entered the house.
They thrashed her, injected sedatives and then tied her down before trying to burn her.
But she could not recognise them,” the victim’s uncle said.
“She has not suffered any major burn injuries.
But remained unconscious due to the sedatives dosage and inhaling the smoke.
She is under observation and is yet to give a statement,” Investigating Officer, Ajay Das said.
While the police is still investigating the motive behind the alleged attack on the the girl, a fortnight ago, she had approached the Lalbag police station and lodged a complaint against unknown persons for allegedly circulating her photos with obscene text on the web.
For instance, the Apollo Hospitals group, India’s largest hospital chain, plans to begin the next phase of the drive by targeting around 15,000 vaccinations on the first day.
“For this phase…we are ready to set up more than 100 vaccination centres.
We have about 43 hospitals ready and, in each of these hospitals, there will be a number of nodes – around three to five.
Looking at that, I think we can easily do a volume of about 15,000 to 20,000 individuals in running a single shift,” said Dr Sangita Reddy, Joint Managing Director, Apollo Hospitals Enterprise Ltd.
“We’re waiting clarity from the government on the number of vaccines they’ll give us.
Once we get that (clarity), we intend to start with 15,000 vaccinations on day one and keep ramping up as required,” she said.
“We have geared up.
Already, we have done close to 500 a day, so the system is all in place,” said Dr Naresh Trehan, Managing Director of Medanta – The Medicity.
“Right now, my understanding is that the private hospitals are being asked to train their staff on how to use the Co-WIN app and on the process of registrations so that this is seamless when people come for vaccinations.”
“The idea for the private sector is to gradually ramp up vaccinations to 30-40 lakhs a day,” he added.
Max Healthcare Chairman and Managing Director Abhay Soi said that around 12 of the chain’s hospitals already have experience vaccinating around 18,000 of its healthcare workers in the earlier phase of the campaign.
The chain can ramp up its capacity to carry out around 50,000-60,000 inoculations a day in total, according to him.
“We can run multiple stations.
There are about 8-10 stations per hospital.
We feel we can go up to about 3-4 lakh inoculations a month through our hospital networks in Delhi NCR alone, but we are waiting for the modality of procurement as well as pricing,” he said.
However, confusion remains over specifics like whether these hospitals will be listed in the Co-WIN app that allows those eligible for vaccinations to choose their facilities.
“The Co-WIN app says that they will open up and allow you to pick your location.
We are not sure which names are going in there.
However, we are sure that many of our locations are available for the walk-in category,” said Dr Reddy of Apollo.
There is also little clarity about whether the hospitals will have to purchase the doses from the government or whether they will receive them for free, how many doses will be distributed to these centres and what price they can charge for the vaccinations.
“Right now, for the next one month, the government said they will be supplying us the vaccine,” said Dr Reddy.
“I believe that the private hospitals will have to buy the vaccines from the government directly,” added Dr Trehan.
“I don’t think the bottleneck will be infrastructure and staff, because they will be available even after 5 o’ clock in the evening – the infrastructure is available and the staff is available.
The question is how many (vaccines) the hospitals will be allowed to give.
So far, we’ve been giving 100 a day.
Can we increase that?” asked Soi.
Comedian Nalin Yadav and civil engineer Sadakat Khan were granted ad-interim bail by the Indore bench of the Madhya Pradesh High Court on Friday.
A single bench of justice Rohit Arya, accepting the appeal for parity with the Supreme Court order granting comedian Munawar Faruqui ad-interim bail on February 5, granted temporary relief to Sadakat and Nalin — Faruqui’s co-accused under a charge of hurting religious sentiments.
All six were charged with hurting religious sentiments.
While Munawar was the first to get ad-interim bail from the Supreme Court, Prakhar Vyas and Edwin Anthony were granted relief by the High Court on February 12 after they pleaded for parity with the Supreme Court’s order.
But Sadakat Khan’s bail plea citing parity was rejected on February 9.
Subsequently, he had approached the High Court with Nalin Yadav.
Priyam Vyas who was later learnt to be a minor, was granted relief a week after his arrest by the Juvenile Court.
Nalin’s 17-year old brother, Akash Yadav expressed his happiness at the court’s decision.
“In the evening, we were told that there was some delay with the prosecution not being available and so the hearing might be passed on Monday and my heart sunk in that moment,” said Akash, who has been juggling studies and a part time job and will now have to secure the bond amount for his brother.
At Sadakat’s house, there were celebrations with the family preparing his favorite meal awaiting his return.
“His mother hasn’t stopped crying since she had heard of the bail being granted.
We asked her, as to why now does she has to cry and she only says that god has finally hear her prayers,” said Liyakat Khan, Sadakat’s father.
“It is no less than Eid in our house today,” he added.
Sadakat’s advocate, Ashar Warsi pointed out, “We pleaded for parity before the honorable court which accepted our plea and granted us relief in the matter.”
Union Health Secretary Rajesh Bhushan and Chairman of the Empowered Group on Vaccine Administration, Dr R S Sharma, chaired the high-level meeting with the health secretaries of states.
The second phase of the drive is scheduled to begin March 1 with a focus on citizens above 60 years of age and those within the age bracket of 45-59 years, with specified co-morbidities.
During the meeting, the states were informed that the process of registration for the beneficiaries will be through three routes: advance self-registration, where beneficiaries will be able to register themselves in advance through the CO-Win 2.0 portal and other platforms, including the Arogya Setu app; on-site registration, where beneficiaries can walk into identified Covid Vaccination Centres and register on-site; and facilitated cohort registration.
Under the facilitated cohort registration, the states were explained that on specific dates, target groups of potential beneficiaries will be vaccinated — ASHA workers, ANMs, Panchayati raj representatives, and women’s Self Help Groups will be utilised for mobilising the target groups.
The Centre also informed states that private hospitals could levy up to Rs 100 as user fees per dose from the recipients.
Private hospitals are allowed to vaccinate the public but they have to make their own investment, while government will only cater to providing vaccine stock to them.
Hospitals will have to invest in equipment, and arrange for power backup for refrigerators.
Hospitals will also be directed to store vaccine in an ice-lined refrigerator where no other drug or vaccine is stocked.
Confirming the user fees, Maharashtra Health secretary Dr Pradeep Vyas said the finer details and logistics of private hospitals will be worked out in coming days.
“Hospitals can charge upto Rs 100 as user fees from recipients per dose.
But whether hospitals need to buy vaccine from government, and at what cost, is yet to be decided.
So far, vaccine cost to recipients apart from user fees has not been finalised,” he said.
During the meeting, the states were directed to ready a vaccination scale-up plan that will include the “granular weekly and fortnightly plans”.
Meanwhile, the Union Health Ministry said that in the next phase, healthcare and frontline workers who missed out or were left out of the first phase of vaccination can select vaccination centres of their choice.
During Friday’s meeting, the states were given a detailed presentation on the flagship Co-Win 2.0, which beneficiaries can use to register and choose the date and location of the vaccination site.
The Co-Win digital platform will be migrating to the 2.0 version over the weekend.
“In view of this, COVID-19 vaccination sessions will not be scheduled during these two days.
States and UTs have been already informed about this transition,” the health ministry said.
Vyas was part of the nationwide video conference of centre and states.
Vaccines will continue to be administered for free in government hospitals.
— with Tabassum Barnagarwala in Mumbai
Only one per cent (151) of 14,879 adverse events recorded on Co-WIN portal till date were severe in nature, data shared by the Centre on Friday shows.
India has recorded 14,879 adverse events, and 14,534 of them are minor after vaccination.
The Centre on Friday directed all states to ensure public and private hospitals report each adverse event, even if it is mild fever, and private hospitals have experts to deal with adverse events following immunisation (AEFI).
States have been asked to try and get post-mortem conducted after each death following vaccination.
“Families of the deceased have to be convinced if possible to allow a post-mortem.
Autopsy must look into pathological changes in the body,” the Centre told states in a video-conference on Friday.
Till date, Co-WIN portal has recorded 40 deaths after vaccination, but in 17 cases a post mortem could not be conducted.
State committees will now have to regularly meet to discuss AEFI cases recorded and report it to the national committee.
On Friday, the health ministry told states to direct vaccination centres about use of adrenaline in case of anaphylactic reaction.
“Health workers must not hesitate in using adrenaline if there is slightest doubt of an anaphylaxis post vaccination,” a Maharashtra health official said.
One of the most prominent orators of his generation, Pandian was also active in trade union works in Tamil Nadu as well as Delhi.
Over the last few years, the CPI leader had been undergoing treatment for renal problems but though wheelchair-bound, he was still active in politics, holding his last public meeting as recently as on February 18 in Madurai.
The former Lok Sabha member was hospitalised on Wednesday after his health deteriorated and was on life support for two days before succumbing.
Though a senior CPI member, Pandian was known for his camaraderie with former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi and former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa.
His proximity to AIADMK leadership in particular had often triggered controversies and criticism from within Left circles at a time when both the CPI and CPI(M) were AIADMK allies.
“Lying half-conscious, I thought a cracker had misfired.
As I was shifted to hospital in Chennai, I had no idea Rajiv was killed,” Pandian had said.
Despite the trauma of the incident, Pandian would demand the release of the seven convicts in the assassination case, writing to Tamil Nadu Governor Banwarilal Purohit in October 2018 — a month after the state government had recommended the release of all seven convicts.
“Releasing these people offers an opportunity for India and (Prime Minister) Narendra Modi to show the world how they reformed convicts in such a high-profile case.
Those who are wise can do that,” he had said.
“The entire politics has almost gone astray.
Nowadays, in order to obtain power and to humiliate opponents, riots are engineered, political leaders are bought and sold, and I do not know what else is done.
If the BJP, the sole last ray of hope, also goes astray like the politics of the entire country, then what kind of a future will the country have?” asked Kumar in his book ‘Nij Path Ka Avichal Panthi’ which was released in Delhi on Tuesday.
He wrote that the BJP had once carved out its identity as an idealistic party, but it has now started making compromises due to the politics of power.
The leaders of RSS would earlier ensure that the BJP did not deviate from its principles, but this guidance by the RSS is also fading away now, Kumar wrote.
He said in his book that the BJP is now “only and only a power-based party” and is getting involved in the buying and selling of MLAs.
“I wonder leaders such as Deendayal Upadhyaya are probably shedding tears, wherever they may be,” he wrote.
However, Kumar added, the party today has a “golden chance” to change the country’s politics into value-based politics.
He urged Prime Minister Narendra Modi to make laws ensuring that tainted persons are unable to contest elections and that black money is not used during elections.
He said that his life’s last wish is to see that the BJP steers clear of the “pollution of politics”, and remains committed to its values in order to realise the dreams of people such as Swami Vivekananda and Bhagat Singh.
Kumar, a resident of Palampur who served as the CM of Himachal twice from 1977 to 1980 and 1990 to 1992, has also authored a number of other books.
Within a week, the total active cases in Dharavi have risen by 32, with its total active case tally at 51 as of Friday.
According to the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC), the locality has reported 4,041 cases since the inception of the Covid-19 outbreak.
At the beginning of May last year, 43 daily cases were being reported in Dharavi on an average.
By June 8, the average number of cases came down to 27 and by August, the case count came down to single digits, with the exception of a few days in between.
Since November 2020, the area has been reporting cases in single digits, with the exception of four days — November 21, December 2, January 13 and January 17.
This year, Dharavi has not reported new cases five times — on January 22, January 26, January 27, January 31 and February 2.
Since the second week of February this year, cases have gradually been rising in Dharavi.
Fearing an uncontrollable hike, the civic body started to dispatch mobile RT-PCR testing vans to pockets that have been reporting cases lately, so that high-risk contacts of Covid patients may be tested.
The mobile units are also conducting tests of drivers, hawkers, owners and workers of commercial establishments in the area.
With a rise in fuel prices, the sale of petrol and diesel has gone down substantially in Mohali district.
The District Petrol Owners Pump Association (DPPA) claims that if the prices continue to go up, the petrol pump owners will be forced to shut their filling stations.
The office-bearers of the association will soon meet Chief Minister Captain Amarinder Singh and Finance Minister Manpreet Singh Badal to raise their concerns.
“Earlier, the diesel was cheaper so the people from Chandigarh and Panchkula would prefer Mohali to get diesel but now the diesel is the costliest here — in the entire Tricity,” Mongia added.
When asked about the dip in sales of fuel, Mongia said that many transporters coming from other states used to buy diesel from Mohali.
While explaining, he said that the transporters who were coming from Himachal Pradesh would buy diesel from Mohali.
Mongia said that they would meet the Punjab CM and the Finance Minister.
Mongia added that people from Derabassi and adjoining areas were going to Panchkula, from Mohali to Chandigarh to buy fuel.
According to Mongia, the fuel stations located on Kharar-Banur road are the worst affected as most of the transporters coming from HP or going to HP would buy fuel from these stations but now the trend has changed in the last one month.
A 76-year-old petrol pump owner had comitted suicide in July last year citing nexus between the officials of Chandigarh Administration and petroleum companies and cross- border oil smuggling.
He had highligted the issues concerning the petrol pump owners in his nine-page suicide note.
Disqualification petition against the 10 Congress legislators was filed by the Goa Pradesh Congress Committee President Girish Chodankar and later another petition was filed by MGP leader Ramakrishna Dhavalikar against two of the party’s MLAs who defected to the BJP, including current deputy chief minister Manohar Ajgaonkar.
Friday’s hearing comes after the preliminary hearing held in Chodankar’s petition in October 2019.
Chodankar and Dhavalikar had moved the Supreme Court seeking a direction to the Speaker to decide the disqualification petitions.
The hearing that began at 10:30 am on Friday, concluded a little past 7 pm with the Speaker hearing the submissions of the lawyers for the Congress, the MGP and the MLAs against whom the disqualification petitions were filed.
The petitioners had sought the disqualification of the 12 respondents under Article 191(2) of the Constitution read with para 2 of the Tenth Schedule.
Arguing for the Congress lawyer Abhijit Gosawi contended that para 4 under the Tenth Schedule lists out exceptions against defection and it requires the merger of the original political party with another to preclude the merger of the two-third members of the legislative party.
Gosawi said that the claim of the defectors that the Congress “has ceased to exist” in the Goa legislative assembly and has “merged in the BJP” was faulty because Congress is still a national political party and has not merged with any other party.
Arguing on similar lines, MGP lawyer Dhaval Zaveri said that the defectors had also produced a resolution of March 2019 claiming the merger between the parties, it’s admissibility before the Speaker was, however, contested.
Lawyer Sagar Sardesai, who represented five MLAs who had defected from the Congress to the BJP, including revenue minister Jennifer Monserrate and Panaji MLA Atanasio Monserrate, said that they contended that the ‘merger’ of the Congress legislative party with the BJP was valid because 10 out of the party’s 15 MLAs – two-third of the party’s MLAs – had agreed to join the BJP.
The lawyers of the MLAs also sought to examine witnesses but the Speaker, however, reserved his order in the petitions, the lawyers confirmed.
The Supreme Court is expected to hear Chodankar’s petition on March 8.
India also made it clear that the Working Group is not a judicial body, and therefore, its opinions are not legally binding on the member states.
AFP on Thursday reported that the United Nations Working Group on Arbitrary Detention (WGAD) found that Michel, who has been held in India since December 2018 after being extradited from the United Arab Emirates, was being “detained arbitrarily”.
Responding to queries over the report, Ministry of External Affairs Spokesperson Anurag Srivastava said, “We have seen selective leaks of the opinion of the Working Group on Arbitrary Detention concerning the case of Mr. Christian James Michel, even before its official release.”
“At the outset we would like to make it clear that the Working Group is not a judicial body, and therefore, its opinions are not legally binding on the Member States,” he said.
Srivastava said the Indian government provided timely information on this issue to the Working Group in June 2020, at their request.
“We regret that the conclusions drawn by the Working Group are based on limited information, biased allegations from an unidentified source and on an inaccurate understanding of India’s criminal justice system,” he asserted.
The extradition was done entirely in accordance with the provisions of the extradition treaty signed between two sovereign states, Srivastava said, adding that the arrest and subsequent custody were done as per the due process of law and cannot be considered arbitrary on any grounds.
“At no time was the accused denied his rights to legal counsel or a fair hearing.
The fact that he has been able to approach courts on multiple occasions including the higher judiciary is itself proof of this,” the MEA Spokesperson said.
There have also been no restrictions on consular access by the authorities, he asserted.
Michel has been treated on par with other detainees and provided all facilities by the prison authorities as per rules, Srivastava said.
The Working Group should be aware that India has a robust grievance redressal mechanisms against allegations of violations of human rights in a vibrant and independent judiciary and a ‘category A’ National Human Rights Commission compliant with the Paris Principles, he said.
Srivastava said the allegations which form the basis of the opinion rendered by the Working Group are contrary to facts.
“The Government of India therefore, rejects the opinion rendered by the Working Group,” he said.
India, as a responsible member of the Human Rights Council, will continue to cooperate with the Working Group and provide it with the necessary information to the extent possible under Indian laws, to promote and protect human rights of all, the MEA spokesperson said.
Michel is an accused in the VVIP chopper scam and has been in jail ever since he was brought on a special plane from Dubai after UAE authorities handed him over to the Indian government in December 2018.
The Kevadia seat for the district panchayat is currently held by Congress’s Dinesh Jesinh Tadvi.
This time the BJP has fielded a local tribal and the namesake of the current Congress representative, Dinesh Tadvi, from Kevadia village.
More so, because Dinesh Tadvi, until June last year, was also leading the people of six villages that were protesting the land acquisition by the Sardar Sarovar Narmada Nigam Ltd (SSNNL) in Kevadia, Vaghadia, Limdi, Gora, Navagam and Kothi.
Dinesh Tadvi, who withdrew himself from the protests mid-way last year, is now hoping to win the seat for the BJP — the party that he was vehemently opposing until last year.
In his maiden election contest, Dinesh Tadvi says, “The reason for contesting is to ensure that the people here have a voice in the panchayat, where speaking up can bring change.
The fact is that the government has already made its decision to take possession of the lands they acquired in 1961.
They have decided to shift most villagers out based on the documents they have.
Those who are not directly affected need a voice and I am only trying to be the means for it.”
A local resident catapulted to a panchayat candidate, however, has not gone down too well with the local party leaders, most of whom have stayed away from his campaign on foot.
Dinesh Tadvi, however, has been campaigning in the villages that are closest to the SoU and seeking votes for “development”.
While at some places, villagers have asked pointed questions: “are they going to take our homes?”.
At some others, villagers have come out in support and blessed the “son of the village”.
Locals do not deny that the SoU and the ancillary tourist businesses that are coming up in the taluka have generated employment opportunities for local tribals.
Ramila Tadvi, a resident of Limbdi village, says, “Many youths of the village have been chosen after training to work in various capacities in the projects and it has definitely made up for the missing opportunities but there are many more youths who are still unemployed and some have been rendered landless during the displacement.
There are many families that have not been able to find their stability after being uprooted.
So many elections have gone by and we are still living in the fear of being evicted.
When will this end?”
A few metres away from Dinesh Tadvi’s own house in Kevadia, where another villager Natwar Tadvi attempted self-immolation in June last year to prevent SSNNL from fencing his fields, the family of 40 members is unsure if they would vote for their fellow villager.
Natwar Tadvi says, “Dinesh is a friend and he fought for us but he did withdraw his support when we needed it.
We cannot trust the BJP.
The Congress and the BTP have been more vocal in supporting us.
The issue of our lands and homes has remained unresolved.
We have not been offered any decent compensation yet and to top it, the new Authority will soon be breathing on our neck.”
The Congress candidate this time is the son of the current sitting panchayat member Dinesh Jesinh Tadvi and is not a resident of Kevadia village.
But the mostly illiterate villagers can’t help raise the pertinent question of the relevance of the panchayat seats for local issues since the SoUTA is on the cards — construction has begun to build the sprawling office from where the officers will administer the area.
In December last year, the General Administration Department (GAD) of the government of Gujarat released the government plan for the SoUTA, announcing two circles of management that will have 201 personnel for the operation and maintenance, water supply, sewage lines, roads, parking, lights as well as the decorative lighting in the area of 25 sq metres of Kevadia colony.
A top government official of the district says, “Kevadia will be governed by the SoUTA.
All civic needs and developments will be taken care of by the SoUTA.
The power to use the funds that the government sends for the local area development will also rest with SoUTA.
But one cannot say that the relevance of the panchayat will be gone.
There are many other issues that need to be tackled at the panchayat level, which will be outside the purview of the SoUTA — for instance roads inside villages.
But the panchayat will not have the power to override the SoUTA wherever it is applicable.”
Kevadia, which is part of the Garudeshwar taluka panchayat and one of the 22 seats of the Narmada District Panchayat, is hardly touched by the election fever that has gripped other parts of the neighbouring talukas.
The Congress had won the Narmada district panchayat with 10 of 22 seats while the BJP and BTP (as JD(U)) won six each.
Had the state party unit involved him more in the campaigns, he says, the party would not have scored a zero-seat result in the Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC).
Frequently using the word ‘andolan’ (agitation) in his conversation, Hardik gives credit for all the Congress victories in the 2015 local body elections to the quota agitation organised by the Patidar Anamat Andolan Samiti (PAAS), an organisation he had founded and continues to be member of.
“In 2015, the entire results in Gujarat (civic polls), be it of the taluka, district or nagarpalika, mahanagarpalika, was only because of the (quota) agitation and that the Congress will have to accept.
I tell the party leaders time and again that you need to understand the people who have come from the (Patidaar) agitation because we are touring (the state).
Even today, my tours are constantly on.
Not a single of them have been decided by the PCC (Pradesh Congress Committee), still I am on my toes, because I want to strengthen the party whether someone else does or not… They (Congress leaders) might want to pull me down and push me.
Let them, I will stand up again.
Because during the (2015) agitation, the BJP would bring me down and I would rise up.”
Hardik says, on joining the Congress, he had thought the party would utilise him.
“Even there, I feel that my Pradesh high command, (and) the state party in-charge (prabhari), has failed.
Organise my meetings, I am ready to do 25 meetings a day… Assign me something, I tell the party again and again,” he adds.
According to Hardik, the Congress leadership had asked him to go to Surat for a rally a day before the last day of campaigning, on February 19, and he had to decline as he had tours planned seven days in advance.
On February 19, the Congress called off its only major rally to be led by Gujarat Pradesh Congress Committee chief Amit Chavda and AICC guardian leaders Biswaranjan Mohanty and Rajeev Satav, ostensibly after the PAAS threatened a disruption.
“Had they told me in the beginning of the election that you have to do 25 rallies in Surat, this would not have been the result in Surat.
The Congress will have to do ‘atmamanthan’ (introspection) and openly speak up where they failed or were weak,” Hardik says.
The Congress’s manifesto was the “best in 25 years”, he adds, but failed to reach to the people, neither did the election song.
“The 6.5 crore people of Gujarat don’t accept the BJP, whether anyone believes it or not.
But the public wants that if the Congress fights then we want to vote for it,” he says.
Referring to the void left by senior party leader Ahmed Patel’s demise, he says, “One thing is clear that the 219 seats that were won (by the BJP across the local self government body seats) uncontested (in the current election)were due to mismanagement.
There is no leader in the state who would call and say – why do you worry?
Ahmed bhai would have had handled such a crisis.”
Asked if he would contest elections when his conviction period was over, he says, “As a working president, if the party wants to utilise me throughout the state for campaigning in the 2022 (Assembly) elections, then I don’t want to fight the elections.
We want to form the government.
I have not come here to do electoral politics.
I have come here to form a government.
Once that is done, everything else will follow.”
Asked about the Aam Aadmi Party’s (AAP) victory on 27 seats in Surat and the AIMIM’s entry into Ahmedabad, Hardik says, “If you want to counter all these, come out on the streets and make your heads bloodied, fight against the people in power, be bathed in blood.
Not that you tell the SP (superintendent of police), ‘we will walk that much then you can detain us’.
No.
Let the SP do whatever he wants.
If you have to march to the governor’s place, then march!
Be aggressive.
If you do seva (service) you will get meva (fruit).”
At Ravapar in Morbi, the ceramic hub’s outskirts, where Hardik addressed a rally Thursday evening, he is still a star.
Shouts of the quota agitation slogan ‘Jay Sardar’ ringed as he had walked through the crowd around 30 minutes before the loudspeaker ban at 10 pm.
Targeting the BJP government over the rising fuel prices, he asks if the huge crowd gathered to hear him if they would vote for a party that raised the petrol diesel rates to Rs 95-100/litre or those that kept it at Rs 50-60/litre.
“What happened yesterday?
The Sardar Patel stadium’s (in Motera) name was changed to Narendra Modi cricket stadium.
The man who never held a cricket bat… why did you (Modi)have to get into this business?
If you only want to lend a name, lend it to say Narendrabhai free university where our children will study for free,… if you want to lend a name then build a government hospital and name it after Hiraba where our family elders and children can get free treatment, we have no objection.
But a stadium built by our tax money, a cricket ground built with our tax, you give your name to it, and that too by removing the name of Sardar saheb what kind of justice is this?” he tells the crowd.
Defamatory complaints against a spouse and damaging his reputation amount to mental cruelty, the Supreme Court said on Friday while granting divorce to an Army officer.
A bench headed by Justice S K Kaul said that the Uttarakhand High Court was in error in describing the broken relationship between an Army officer and his wife as the normal wear and tear of middle-class married life.
“It is a definite case of cruelty inflicted by the respondent against the appellant and as such enough justification is found to set aside the impugned judgment of the High Court and to restore the order passed by the Family Court,” the bench observed.
“The appellant is accordingly held entitled to dissolution of his marriage and consequently the respondent’s application for restitution of conjugal rights stands dismissed.
It is ordered accordingly,” it said.
The apex court was hearing a plea filed by the Army officer seeking divorce alleging mental cruelty by his wife who holds a faculty position in a government PG College.
They had got married in 2006 and lived together for few months.
But right from the initial days of marriage, differences cropped up between them and they have lived apart since 2007.
The wife also filed a petition against the husband for restitution of conjugal rights and for resumption of matrimonial life.
The bench, also comprising Justices Dinesh Maheshwari and Hrishikesh Roy, said, “The degree of tolerance will vary from one couple to another and the court will have to bear in mind the background, the level of education and also the status of the parties, in order to determine whether the cruelty alleged is sufficient to justify dissolution of marriage, at the instance of the wronged party.”
It added, “For considering dissolution of marriage at the instance of a spouse who allege mental cruelty, the result of such mental cruelty must be such that it is not possible to continue with the matrimonial relationship.”
The court said the allegations were levelled by a highly educated person and they do have the propensity to irreparably damage the character and reputation of the appellant.
“When the reputation of the spouse is sullied amongst his colleagues, his superiors and the society at large, it would be difficult to expect condonation of such conduct by the affected party,” it said.
The apex court noted that material in the present case reveals that the wife had made several defamatory complaints to the appellant’s superiors in the Army, for which a court of inquiry was held by the Army authorities against the appellant.
It noted that appellant’s career progress got affected and the wife was also making complaints to other authorities, such as the State Commission for Women, and has posted defamatory materials on other platforms.
“When the appellant has suffered adverse consequences in his life and career on account of the allegations made by the respondent, the legal consequences must follow and those cannot be prevented only because no court has determined that the allegations were false,” the bench said.
The explanation of the wife that she made those complaints in order to protect the matrimonial ties would not justify the persistent effort made by her to undermine the dignity and reputation of the appellant, it said.
“In circumstances like this, the wronged party cannot be expected to continue with the matrimonial relationship and there is enough justification for him to seek separation,” the apex court added.
The court added however that appropriate action may be taken and relevant sections added to the charges if Sidhu was trying to mislead the investigation by fabricating false evidence.
“IO (investigating officer) is duty bound to conduct proper investigation in the matter in a fair and impartial manner.
He is not supposed to collect the evidence only to prove the guilt of the accused, rather he has to bring the true picture before the court,” Chief Metropolitan Magistrate Gajender Singh Nagar said in his order.
The court was hearing Sidhu’s plea seeking directions to the police to include all videos and other material on record which allegedly proved his innocence and conduct a fair and impartial investigation in the case.
During the hearing, advocate Abhishek Gupta, appearing for Sidhu, told the court that Sidhu was not an instigator of the incident at Red Fort, as alleged by the police.
“There is no video of him calling the people to gather at Red Fort.
He did not indulge in any kind of violence taking place at Red Fort.
He was only a peaceful protestor,” Gupta claimed.
He further claimed that Sidhu was staying at a hotel in Murthal from where he checked out at 12 pm on February 26 and left for Delhi only after checking out.
“The CCTV footage of the hotel, which was in working condition, checkout bill showing the time/ payment details, as online payment was made, be obtained to ascertain this… Further, the car navigation system installed in the Ford Endeavor car used by him which is in police possession would also show the route taken by him to reach from Murthal to Red Fort along with timings and time taken in the same,” he submitted.
Sidhu reached the area around Red Fort only around 2 pm, which can be proven by his phone location and by that time a huge crowd has already gathered at the spot, Gupta said.
He claimed there was CCTV footage of the Red Fort in which Sidhu can be seen helping the police by requesting the crowd to leave the rampart where they were trying to hoist the flag.
The plea also alleged that the police has chosen not to check the evidence which completely belies the case thrusted upon the applicant/accused (Sidhu).
“Further, the CCTV footage of the Red Fort is already with the investigating agency which shows that the applicant/accused did not participate in any act of violence and rather he was helping the police in pacifying the crowd.
“Applicant/accused is apprehensive that the CCTV footage and the video will also not be considered by the police (CCTV footage of Red Fort from 10.00 AM to 4.00 PM).
The applicant/accused has not committed any offence as alleged in the FIR and if the said record is not called, preserved and made part of the record, then it will be difficult for the applicant/accused to prove his innocence, further the ends justice would not be met,” it claimed.
Additional Public Prosecutor Rajiv Kamboj, appearing for the police, opposed Sidhu’s plea saying the accused cannot guide the police to conduct investigation in a particular manner.
“Police is duty bound to conduct fair and impartial investigation.
However, accused cannot be allowed to divert the investigation of the police from its path.
By moving the present application, accused is trying to guide the investigation being done by the police,” the public prosecutor claimed.
The court had on February 23 sent Sidhu to judicial custody in the case.
Police had earlier alleged he was one of the main instigators of the violent incidents at the Red Fort.
Tens of thousands of protesting farmers clashed with the police in the national capital on January 26 during a tractor parade to highlight their demands.
Many of them driving tractors reached the Red Fort and entered the monument, where a religious flag was also hoisted.
Over 500 police personnel were injured and one protestor died.
In the FIR registered in connection with the Red Fort violence, police alleged two magazines with 20 live cartridges were snatched from two constables by protestors who also damaged vehicles and robbed anti-riot gear.
Thrissur reported the highest number of positive cases, at 490, followed by Kozhikode at 457 and Kollam at 378.
A total of 67,812 samples were tested in the last 24 hours and the test positivity rate was at 5.41%.
While the total number of infected passengers from the UK has now risen to 94, with three more cases coming to light on Friday, 82 of them are said to have recovered already.
It is learnt that of the fresh cases, 3,317 have been infected through primary or secondary contacts, while the source of the remaining 250 cases could not be traced.
Of those testing positive, 91 had travelled outside the state.
A total 13 health workers also tested positive for the pathogen on Friday.
Kerala ropes in mobile labs to meet PCR test target
As reports came in pointing out that Kerala has not met its PCR testing target, the government has now decided to rope in mobile labs.
According to a leading daily, a proposal in this regard was put forward by the Kerala Medical Services Corporation Limited (KMSCL) and was approved by the state health department.
The report said that KMSCL has already approached Sandor Medicaids Pvt Ltd for their services in providing RT-PCR tests at Rs 448.
KMSCL has also been tasked to find more labs that will provide their services at the same rate.
The mobile labs, which will have a capacity to conduct 2,000 tests, must ensure that they collect a minimum of 1,800 samples daily.
This has to be ensured by the DSO (district surveillance officer).
The DSO is also tasked with conducting frequent inspections of the mobile labs to ensure that they follow the ICMR and state guidelines, said the report.
Kerala CM disapproves of Karnataka restrictions in letter to Centre
Chief minister Pinarayi Vijayan has requested Centre’s interference as Karnataka’s restrictions on entry of travellers following the spike in cases in his state have posed logistical problems.
In his letter to the Centre, he underlined his disapproval saying that though the state can issue guidelines, it shouldn’t go against the common criteria.
He said that there was no justification to the travel blockade that was dropped on Kerala by Karnataka, said a report in a local news portal.
The chief minister said that Kerala is seeing an evident decrease in the daily test positivity rate.
According to ICMR reports, 46% of people in Karnataka have been detected with Covid-19 till date.
Putting this data forward, Vijayan said not even one-tenth of Kerala’s population has been infected with the virus.
Kerala faces exclusion amid surge in Covid cases
Kerala faces exclusion amid surge in Covid cases as many states have placed restrictions on travellers from the southern state.
Till now, Maharashtra, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, West Bengal and Delhi have made it mandatory for the travellers from Kerala to carry negative RT-PCR certificates.
Many Keralites have to travel to other states for their jobs, education or business.
The new rule has doubled their travel expenses as they have to shell out an additional amount every time they travel inter-state.
According to a local news portal, Kerala charges Rs 1,700 per RT-PCR test, which is significantly more than other states where the cost per test is Rs 400.
Kerala approves free Covid-19 tests for NRIs
Overseas passengers traveling to Kerala have been granted Covid-19 tests free of cost.
The test will be conducted at airports, announced Health Minister KK Shailaja.
She emphasized that no traveller can be allowed to leave without being subjected to the test.
As experts warn of a second-wave of the virus, strict health check-ups have been made mandatory at airports, reported a local news publication.
The Dadra and Nagar Haveli (DNH) police had last month booked independent MP Mohan Delkar’s two close aides – his legal advisor Indrajitsinh Parmar and deputy sarpanch of Dadra gram panchayat Kamlesh Desai in two separate cases.
While both the men are in judicial custody at Silvassa sub-jail, Parmar had applied for bail in the Bombay High Court.
While leaving DNH on XXXXX (WHEN), Delkar had told his family that he was going to attend a court hearing of Parmar, booked under the Prevention of Anti-Social Activities (PASA) Act.
Delkar allegedly died by suicide at a Mumbai hotel on February 22.
A press release issued by the DNH police on January 31 stated the police and the Excise department had carried out raids on Hotel Malhar, a restaurant-cum-beer bar at Bavisha Falia in Silvassa, owned by Parmar and found that liquor was illegally stored and sold illegally at the hotel.
After due enquiry and from documents seized from the premises, it came to the notice of the authorities, the press release said, huge stocks of liquor were being purchased which were “disproportionate to sales recorded”.
Police communique also stated Parmar had appointed as the manager of the hotel one Rahul Sahani, who has “seven cases of bootlegging in Gujarat”.
The press release stated, “Rahul Sahani was deliberately appointed manager of the hotel to carry out illegal liquor smuggling in name of running a hotel.
Accordingly, PASA Act was applied on two persons, Indrajitsinh B Parmar and Rahul Sahani for detention at sub-jail Silvassa.”
Parmar and Sahani were arrested on January 30.
Silvassa police said the two men, in the guise of running liquor business, were involved in bootlegging activities from DNH to Gujarat, a dry state.
A close aide of Parmar, who is looking after the legal formalities and did not wished to be named, said, “The case has been intentionally made out by the authorities on Parmar, who had already given his Hotel Malhar on rent to Sahani.
We are fighting and have applied for bail in the Bombay High Court.”
The Superintendent of Police Hareshwar Swami, has told this paper said, “It is a matter of bootlegging.
I would not want to say anything now, as the matter will take its course.”
In the second case, the local administration had registered a police complaint under the Scheduled Caste and Scheduled Tribe (Prevention of Atrocities) Act against Kamlesh Desai, who was elected the deputy sarpanch from Dadra village gram panchayat on a JD(U) ticket.
According to sources, there was an old dispute between Desai and a local Halpati community woman over a land-related issue.
There was a heated exchange between them following which the woman had lodged complaint against Desai with the Silvassa police station on February 17.
Sources said Silvassa police acted on the complaint and reached his house on February 18 night.
As Desai escaped from the house through a backdoor, local sources said police took his wife and son to the police station, where they were detained and later released.
Desai had surrendered himself at Silvassa police station and later he sent to police remand till February 22.
He is currently in the judicial custody for 14 days.
Deputy Superintendent of police of DNH, N L Rohit said, “Desai had encroached on 5,200 square metre land of a tribal woman in Dadra.
The land was allocated by the government to the father of the tribal woman a long time ago.
So, on the basis of the complaint lodged by the woman, we have arrested Desai.
The case is still under investigation.”
The Bombay High Court (HC) on Friday continued interim relief granted to actor Kangana Ranaut and her sister Rangoli Chandel from any coercive action by Mumbai Police, in connection with a sedition case registered against the duo for alleged hateful posts on social media, till March 22.
A division bench of Justice SS Shinde and Justice Manish Pitale was hearing Ranaut’s petition, seeking the quashing of an FIR lodged against the sisters for sedition and other charges.
Advocate Rizwan Siddiquee, representing Ranaut, told the court that the documents submitted by the complainant in the case before the Bandra Magistrate and those given to the HC did not match.
The plea also challenged the Bandra Magistrate’s order asking Mumbai Police to take cognizance of the complaint filed against the duo and the summons issued to them to appear before the police.
Advocate Siddiquee submitted that the magistrate had ordered for the registration of the FIR with “haste” after deciding the complaint in a single day, adding that there was “non-application of mind.”
Calling for the scrutiny of the records based on which the FIR was registered, the bench said, “We deem it appropriate to call for records from the Metropolitan Magistrate Court, Bandra, in relation to the concerned criminal complaint, which should be produced on or before March 12.”
The HC continued interim protection from arrest to the sisters till the next hearing on March 22.
The Centre will shortly release Rs 4,800 crore of food subsidy to Chhattisgarh, the Union Ministry of Consumer Affairs, Food and Public Distribution said on Friday.
In a statement, the ministry said, “Regarding the release of an admissible amount of food subsidy to the State, the claims received from the State Government have been processed and approximately Rs.4,800 crore will be released shortly.”
The issue of acceptance of 40 Lakh metric tonnes of surplus rice in the state during Kharif marketing season 2020-21, was also discussed during the meeting.
“During the meeting, it was informed that procurement operations for the Central Pool including quantity to be procured is solely based on the MoU signed between Government of India, Food Corporation of India and the State Government concerned,” the Ministry said.
“It was clarified that the procurement operations for the Central Pool including quantity to be procured is based on the MoU signed between Government of India, Food Corporation of India and the State Government concerned,” it said.
“As per the condition stipulated in the MoU, if any State gives bonus/financial incentive in direct or indirect form, over and above MSP and if the overall procurement of the State is in excess of the total allocation to the State made by Government of India under TPDS/Other Welfare Schemes, such excess quantity will be treated outside the Central Pool and will not be taken over by FCI/GoI,” it added.
The Ministry further said that the quantum of rice to be procured from Chhattisgarh for the Central Pool has been capped at 24 Lakh MT, which is equivalent to the quantity allowed in previous years.
Himachal Pradesh Speaker Vipin Parmar is examining the Assembly rules to lodge an FIR against the five Congress MLAs suspended for the remainder of the Budget session for allegedly manhandling Governor Bandaru Dattatraya.
The Speaker told PTI that this is for the first time in the history of the Himachal Pradesh Assembly that the Governor was manhandled by Opposition members.
He is examining the rules to lodge an FIR against the suspended Congress MLAs, the Speaker said.
Himachal Pradesh Governor Bandaru Dattatraya was allegedly manhandled by some Congress members in the Assembly complex on Friday after he addressed the House on the opening day of the Budget session.
The Speaker suspended Leader of Opposition Mukesh Agnihotri and four other Congress MLAs Harsh Vardhan Chauhan, Satpal Raizada, Sunder Singh and Vinay Kuma for the entire Budget session till March 20 on a motion moved by Parliamentary Affairs Minister Suresh Bhardwaj.
Parmar said some opposition members tried to stop the Governor, who was accompanied by Chief Minister Jai Ram Thakur, when he was going towards his cavalcade after addressing the House.
Parmar said they hit on the Governor’s back with copies of his address.
They also hit the bonnet of the Governor’s car, he added.
Earlier, the Congress MLAs created a ruckus in the House during the Governor’s address.
He then skipped to the last sentence after reading initial few pages and stated that the entire speech should be deemed as read.
Suspended Congress MLA Harsh Vardhan Chauhan told PTI that they were waiting outside the Speaker’s office and just wanted to ask the Governor why he cut short his address but they were not allowed to do so.
He alleged that it was Deputy Speaker Hans Raj who manhandled the MLAs, a charge denied by Parliamentary Affairs Minister Suresh Bhardwaj, who said the Congress legislators had planned to create a scene.
Chauhan also said they did not have any intention of manhandling the governor.
“If any FIR is registered against us, we will not go to the court for bail, rather we will prefer to be arrested,” he said, adding that the suspended Congress MLAs will sit outside the Assembly during the Budget session.
Kejriwal, who reached Surat on Friday to celebrate the party’s major gains in the civic polls in Surat, however, expressed apprehension that there might be “poaching attempts”.
“Even if they threaten you, or lure you by any means, or if anybody calls you, just tell (Gujarat AAP president) Gopal Italiya,” Kejriwal said while addressing the party’s elected representatives at Mota Varachha area of Surat city.
Earlier in the day, he was welcomed by several AAP leaders and supporters at the Circuit House at Athwalines area.
Exhorting the party’s leaders for a good show in the SMC polls, Kejriwal said, “You people fought the elections in Gujarat without money and other essential facilities in the BJP’s core areas, where the latter has been in power for 25 years.
It is not a simple thing.
A good start is a big thing… If you (the newly elected AAP corporators) perform well, then in December 2022 a new revolution will come up in Gujarat.
The public keeps faith in you.
But, if anyone among you leaves the party and joins the BJP, they (the people) will criticise the AAP.
If anyone among you leaves the party and joins another party, keep in mind that you would have broken the hope and faith of six crore people of Gujarat.”
Referring to the Surat civic poll results, he said a big BJP leader, in his statements, said that it is like a “nail pierced in the plate of gold”.
Polls to six civic bodies in Gujarat, including in Surat, were held on Sunday.
While the BJP retained power in the Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) by winning 93 seats, the AAP bagged the remaining 27 seats.
The Congress failed to win even a single seat.
Kejriwal added, “You have to understand one thing, they are not afraid of you or the AAP, they are afraid of those 16 lakh voters who voted for you.
These people are those who are fed up with them.
Earlier, they did not have any alternative.
Why the BJP is ruling here for 25 years?
It is not that the BJP rule is good.”
The party chief also claimed there were no local issues because the BJP had kept the opposition leaders “in their pockets” so far.
Sharing the party’s experience in Delhi, Kejriwal said, “When we first contested the Delhi elections, we won on 28 seats.
The reason is that people kept faith in us, and the public said that these people are “desh bhakt” (patriots) and they are “imandar” (honest).
God had given us 39 days to work in Delhi, and we worked hard and in such a way that we cleaned dirt with a broom.
We halved power rates, made water free and provided corruption-free governance.
When we contested for the second time, we got 67 seats.
The 6 crore Gujarati people will keep a watch on the 27 elected AAP councilors of Surat…”
The AAP leader urged the 27 party councilors to work hard to serve the people.
“I appeal to you to open a separate office at someplace or some part of your home, and arrange a phone number, distribute it among all the people in your wards, and ensure that you attend all calls that may come at any time… We will take the work of the 27 elected councilors of Surat and show it to different parts of Gujarat and seek votes (in the upcoming Assembly polls next year).
The public of Surat has given you a place of opposition in SMC, work in such a way to make them realise what you are.
Don’t let any illegal work be done, and don’t allow them (the ruling party) to do any illegal work.”
The Election Commission on Friday announced the schedule for upcoming Assembly elections in Assam, Kerala, West Bengal, Tamil Nadu and Puducherry.
Results will be announced on May 2.
Making the announcement, Chief Election Commissioner (CEC) Sunil Arora said the Model Code of Conduct will come into effect in all poll-bound states immediately.
The Assembly polls will be held in Assam in three phases — on March 27, April 4 and April 6.
In Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Puducherry, polling will be held in a single phase on April 6.
Adequate CAPFs deployment shall be ensured during elections, CEC Sunil Arora said, adding that all critical, vulnerable polling stations will be identified.
Voting for the Kerala Assembly elections will take place in a single phase on April 6, the Election Commission said, adding that the counting of votes will take place on May 2.
In that context, we take an overview of the political situation of one of those states — Kerala — how the major parties fared last time in the state in 2016 and how they are positioned this time.
Kerala’s political backdrop
All governments in Kerala since its formation in 1956 have either been led by the Left parties or the Congress.
This phenomenon has given the state a largely bipolar political character.
In 1980, the Left parties and the Congress built coalitions — named LDF and the UDF respectively — when they realised the need to stitch alliances with smaller parties to form governments.
Since 1980, both LDF and UDF have ruled the state alternatively.
In recent years, the BJP-led alliance has projected itself as a third alternative with an aim to form a government in the state.
But its best performance in Assembly elections was in 2016 when it opened its account with one seat out of 140.
The three fronts and its current constituents
The UDF is headed by the Congress, which contests the maximum number of seats and has the right to the chief minister’s chair.
The second-largest party in the alliance is the Indian Union Muslim League (IUML), the oldest ally of the Congress in the state.
Other parties in the UDF are Kerala Congress (Joseph), Kerala Congress (Jacob), Revolutionary Socialist Party (RSP), Communist Marxist Party (John), All India Forward Bloc and a faction of the NCP led by Mani C Kappan.
The NDA is led by the BJP, which fights on a majority of seats in the state.
Its allies are Bharat Dharma Jana Sena (BDJS) and Kerala Congress (Thomas).
The 2016 Assembly election
The LDF rode to power in the 2016 Assembly elections, winning 91 of the 140 seats.
Longtime CPM state secretary Pinarayi Vijayan took oath as the chief minister on May 25, 2016.
The UDF, which governed the state between 2011 and 2016 under the leadership of Oommen Chandy, fared badly, winning just 47 seats.
The Congress especially was decimated, winning 22 out of the 87 it contested.
Its ally IUML had a good strike-rate, winning 18 of the 24 it fought on.
The BJP created history by winning its first-ever Assembly seat with its senior leader O Rajagopal emerging victorious in the Nemom constituency.
The party came second in 8 other constituencies.
The LDF had a combined vote-share of 43.48%, followed by UDF with 38.81% and the NDA with 14.96%.
The LDF did phenomenally well in districts like Kollam where it won all 11 seats, Thrissur (12 out of 13), Kozhikode (11 out of 13) and Alappuzha (8 out of 9).
Bye-elections since 2016
Bye-elections have been held in eight constituencies in Kerala since 2016 due to reasons such as death of an MLA or the election of the MLA to Parliament.
The LDF and the UDF were evenly-placed, winning four bypolls each.
While the UDF won bypolls in Vengara, Aroor, Ernakulam and Manjeswar, the LDF won bypolls in Pala, Chengannur, Konni and Vattiyoorkavu.
2020 local body polls
The elections to the three-tier self-governing institutions at the local level in November, 2020 were seen as the semi-final to the Assembly elections.
The trend in recent elections has been that the party/coalition having an upper hand in the local body polls tend to do well in the ensuing Assembly elections as well.
In the 2020 elections, results of which were available in December, the LDF emerged on top, winning a majority of the panchayats, block panchayats, district panchayats and corporations.
The CPM and its allies won 514 of the 941 panchayats, 108 of the 152 block panchayats, 11 out of the 14 district panchayats, 43 out of 86 municipalities and 5 out of 6 corporations.
It had a combined vote-share of 40.18%
The UDF emerged second overall, with wins in 321 panchayats, 38 block panchayats, 3 district panchayats, 41 municipalities and 1 corporation with a combined vote-share of 37.92%
The NDA won 19 panchayats and 2 municipalities with a vote-share of 15.02%.
Opinion polls for 2021 election
Two pre-election surveys conducted by Asianet-CFore and 24 News in the first two weeks of February predicted an upper-hand for the LDF.
The Asianet-CFore survey gave the LDF 72-78 seats, UDF 59-65 seats and NDA 3-7 seats.
The half-way mark is 71.
The 24 News survey predicted a tight election with the LDF getting 68-78 seats, UDF 62-72 seats and NDA 1-2 seats.
The 2021 election and the major talking-points
Needless to say, this election is extremely important for all three fronts.
For the Left parties, Kerala is seen as its last bastion in the country, having already lost power in West Bengal in 2011 and Tripura in 2018.
It is hoping to break the 40-year-old jinx of incumbent governments being voted out of power in the state.
If it manages to do that, it can also position itself as the ideological alternative to the BJP at the Centre and regain its mass base.
The BJP is driving its campaign in the state with an eye on consolidating the Hindu votes by flagging issues like Sabarimala women’s entry, the theory of ‘love jihad’ and a promise of freeing temples from government control.
Even though it talks of forming a government in the state, political analysts have cited such claims as ‘unrealistic’.
The BJP organised feverish protests in the backdrop of the 2018 Supreme Court order on Sabarimala, but could not make political dividends out of it in the 2019 LS elections or even in the bye-elections.
However, it does remain as a force to contend with in at least three dozen constituencies and can tilt favour for the winning party.
After covering a short distance, the minister got down from the ‘rath’ and took to a scooter, wearing a black helmet and a mask.
“When we began the ‘rath yatra’ today, the administration deliberately tried to delay it.
We will ride two-wheelers, walk on foot because West Bengal is on the march towards change,” Irani said.
Enthused by the minister’s spontaneity, scores of BJP workers followed Irani on two-wheelers, chanting “Jai Shri Ram” and “Khela Hobey”, meaning ‘game on’ — a slogan first raised by the Trinamool Congress, which has now become the catchphrase of this election season.
Irani, the minister of textile, led the rally on the scooter for a few kilometres, often stopping as fervent supporters gathered, choking the road.
The minister interacted with the party’s young supporters in fluent Bengali, besides reaching out to the people.
“I want to thank everybody.
We are out today to take your blessings.
You have already given an opportunity to Prime Minister Narendra Modi and during the elections in West Bengal, bless the BJP and the ‘Lotus’,” she said as a cordless mic was handed to her to speak.
The minister got on to the rath again a few kilometres later till Bhojerhat, around 20 km away from where she started the journey.
Irani’s bike rally comes a day after Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee took to the streets, riding an e-scooter to protest against the steep price rise of petrol and diesel.
While West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee has announced a hike in wages of daily wage workers, the Office of Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Edappadi K Palaniswami announced a new gold loan waiver scheme.
The West Bengal government said the wages of unskilled labour will increase from Rs 144 to Rs 202 while the wages of semi-skilled labour will see a hike from Rs 172 to Rs 303.
The government has also introduced a new category for skilled labour under which they will be paid Rs 404 per day.
“A total of 56,500 workers (40,500 unskilled, 8000 semi-skilled, 8000 skilled) will benefit from this.
These wages are in parity with rural workers’ enhanced pay (MNREGA unskilled & semi-skilled).
Budget provision for this step has been made available for both FY21 and FY22,” Mamata Banerjee tweeted.
In Tamil Nadu, announcing the loan waiver scheme, the government said the scheme aims to alleviate the poor and women belonging to self-help groups.
“They are being given a waiver of outstanding loans obtained from co-operative banks and co-operative societies”.
According to ANI, Puducherry Lt Governor announced a 2 per cent reduction in VAT (Value Added Tax) on petrol and diesel in the union territory.
While Assembly polls will be held in Tamil Nadu and Puducherry in a single phase on April 6, voting in West Bengal will be done in eight phases starting from March 27.
The polling dates in Bengal are March 27, April 1, April 6, April 10, April 17, April 22, April 26 and April 29.
Results of all states will be declared on May 2.
India was strong and resolute when it came to handling the border issue and dealt with it in an effective manner, External Affairs Minister S Jaishankar said on Friday in an apparent reference to the standoff between India and China.
“Last year, we had three big developments which all impacted us nationally.
They impacted the world as well — one was COVID-19, the second was its economic impact and the third was the challenges that we found on our border which obviously had implications,” the External Affairs Minister said.
“In each of these cases, I would assert to you that they were difficult challenges.
There were a lot of debates as indeed there should be, there were tough decisions, lot of second guessing and a lot of free advice given around.
I would say, as a government we listened to everything and then we did what we thought was the right thing to do,” he asserted in his remarks during the session titled “Resilient Global Growth in a Post- Pandemic World”.
Australian Foreign Minister Marise Payne also participated in the session.
Elaborating on India’s responses to the three key developments last year, Jaishankar said that in the case of the COVID-19 outbreak, the government went for an early lockdown, induced a degree of social discipline and set up truly impressive health infrastructure in a very short space of time.
“I mean to create 16,000 dedicated centres and to go from zero to becoming an exporter of PPE masks, ventilators and testing kits, I think, frankly, was a very big deal,” he said.
On dealing with the economic impact of the COVID-19, he said that also involved a lot of debates but the government consciously decided that there was a timing element to what should be the response and did not get pressured into “front loaded stimulus measures”.
Talking about dealing with the border issue faced by India, Jaishankar, without naming any country or going into details, said, “You know again we did what we had to do.
There was a very active debate which still continues to this day.
It is natural for people to offer advice, often on matters which they may not have particular knowledge of, that is a human trait.
But again if there was what came through it was that we were resolute, we were strong about protecting our interests.”
“And in each case I would suggest to you we thought through a very complicated issue.
Listened to everybody but made up our mind and eventually fashioned a response which was effective,” Jaishankar said.
The border standoff between the Indian and Chinese armies erupted on May 5 last year following a violent clash in the Pangong lake areas and both sides gradually enhanced their deployment by rushing in tens of thousands of soldiers as well as heavy weaponry even as the two sides continued military and diplomatic talks.
On resilience in the post-COVID world, Jaishankar said there are two things that India needs to do — “manage home, in the most expansive sense of the word strongly and well, and to contribute more and more abroad”.
Jaishankar also explained the government’s resolve to build an Aatmanirbhar Bharat, saying the first step in it is “thinking it through for yourself and not letting others push you and pressure you”.
Underlining that the government has undertaken “deep reforms”, Jaishankar said the COVID period was not just a health response period, but was also a period which government used to fashion new policies and push through what were much-needed reforms which previous governments were reluctant to take whether in agriculture, labour or education.
A lot of that mindset is reflected in the budget presented by the government earlier this month, he said.
Looking ahead, Jaishankar said, “First of all going back to 1992 is not the answer.
My sense is if you do not build more capabilities at home, openness by itself is not a solution for the society as it just means leaving oneself wide open to other people who may have far more predatory practices.”
“It is very important to be strong at home, to build capabilities at home,” Jaishankar said.
“We cannot be politically agnostic when we look at the world,” he added.
Unruly scenes were witnessed on the first day of the budget session of the Himachal Pradesh Assembly here on Friday when protesting MLAs of the opposition Congress tried to stop Governor Bandaru Dattatraya from leaving the premises after he delivered his address in the House.
The BJP-led Assembly has suspended opposition leader Mukesh Agnihotri and four other Congress MLAs for the remainder of the budget session for allegedly disrupting the Governor’s address and blocking his cavalcade.
Besides Agnihotri, those suspended from the session include Kullu MLA Sunder Singh Thakur, Una MLA Satpal Singh Raizada, Renukaji MLA Vinay Kumar and Shillai MLA Harshwardhan Chauhan.
The budget session is scheduled to last till March 20.
It started on Friday with the Governor’s address, during which Congress MLAs started sloganeering to protest against rising prices of essential commodities and farmers’ issues.
Agnihotri also objected when Dattatraya did not completely read out his written address tabled in the House.
Dattatraya then left the House and the proceedings were adjourned till Monday.
A few minutes later, as Dattatraya was leaving the building, the Congress MLAs blocked the exit in protest.
The Governor managed to step outside and reach his car, which was then blocked by the agitating MLAs.
The BJP members, including Chief Minister Jai Ram Thakur and Speaker Vipin Singh Parmar, were also present at the spot and a commotion soon ensued with some of the BJP and Congress members pushing and shoving each other.
The BJP members, along with some security personnel, eventually managed to clear the protesting MLAs from the vehicle’s path and Dattatraya’s cavalcade exited the premises.
The Opposition members then told mediapersons present at the spot that they were protesting against rise in prices of petrol, diesel, cooking gas and ration; issues related to farmers and over the fact that the Governor chose not to fully read out his address.
They also called his address “a bundle of lies” and said that they wanted to confront him and speak about these issues when they tried to block his way.
Agnihotri and others alleged that they were pushed and shoved aside by the BJP members and security personnel when they blocked the Governor’s car.
Speaker Parmar reconvened the House to discuss the incident but members of the Congress and lone CPI(M) MLA Rakesh Singha remained absent.
Parliamentary Affairs Minister Suresh Bhardwaj moved a resolution to suspend five of the Congress members.
He said that the agitating MLAs insulted the Constitution by blocking the Governor’s way and also manhandled his aide-de-camp and others.
In its affidavit, the government said that there exists a “legitimate State interest” in limiting the recognition of marriage to persons of opposite sex.
Permitting same sex couples to marry would cause “a complete havoc with the delicate balance of personal laws in the country”.
Same-sex individuals in a relationship or living together as partners is not “not comparable” with the “Indian family unit concept” of a husband, wife and children, the government said, arguing that the institution of marriage has a “sanctity”.
“In our country, despite statutory recognition of the relationship of marriage between a biological man and a biological woman, marriage necessarily depends upon age-old customs… societal values.”
With the High Court set to hear the petitions on April 20, here is a timeline of India’s fight for gay rights:
Section 377 was introduced by British India, modelled on the Buggery Act of 1533.
This section of the Buggery Act was drafted by Thomas Macaulay in 1838 and was brought into effect in 1860.
It defined ‘buggery’ as an unnatural sexual act against the will of God and man, thus, criminalising anal penetration, bestiality and homosexuality, in a broader sense.
Over the years, Section 377 had sparked numerous controversies with activists challenging it in various ways.
In 2001, Naz Foundation filed a petition challenging the constitutionality of Section 377 in the Delhi High Court.
They filed a lawsuit to allow homosexual relations between consenting adults.
The Delhi High Court dismissed the Naz Foundation petition, saying the body had no standing in the matter.
The Naz Foundation appealed the dismissal to the Supreme Court in 2006, which instructed the Delhi High Court to reconsider the case.
In a landmark decision, the Delhi High Court decriminalised homosexuality among consenting adults, holding it in violation of Article 14, 15 and 21 of the Constitution of India.
After HC’s judgment, various appeals were made to the Supreme Court, challenging the High Court’s authority to change a law.
In December 2012, the Supreme Court overturned the HC’s decision, after finding it “legally unsustainable.”
A two-judge bench, comprising Justice G S Singhvi and Justice S J Mukhopadhaya observed that the HC had overlooked the fact that a “minuscule fraction of the country’s population constitutes LGBT,” and that in over 150 years less than 200 people were prosecuted for committing an offence under the section.
The Supreme Court then recommended that the Parliament address the matter because only they had the power to amend the existing laws.
After the Narendra Modi-led government was sworn in in 2014, it said it would take a decision regarding Section 377 only after the SC judgment.
In a written reply to Lok Sabha, Minister of State (Home) Kiren Rijiju had said, “The matter is sub-judiced before the Supreme Court.
A decision regarding Section 377 of IPC can be taken only after pronouncement of judgment by the Supreme Court.”
Five petitions were filed by S Johar, journalist Sunil Mehra, chef Ritu Dalmia, hotelier Aman Nath and business executive Ayesha Kapur.
The petition, filed by well-known LGBTQ activists, claimed their “rights to sexuality, sexual autonomy, choice of sexual partner, life, privacy, dignity, and equality, along with the other fundamental rights guaranteed under Part-III of Constitution, are violated by Section 377.”
On Thursday, the Centre opposed a batch of petitions seeking legal recognition and registration of same-sex marriages.
The Centre claimed that a marriage between individuals cannot be treated as a private affair, as they invoke “age-old customs, rituals, practices, cultural ethos and societal values” of India.
The Division Bench of Justices Rajiv Sahai Endlaw and Amit Bansal has listed the cases for next hearing on April 20.
What is the difference between Hardik Patel of 2015 and 2021?
Back in 2015, I was without a care for anyone and aggressive, as it was one movement, only talking about reservation.
Now it is not about the community but about health, education, employment and of the people, of making the party win, of strengthening the candidate and the Congress.
But there is no other change, I do the same things.
Back then without a position, designation we brought success to the movement.
Today, I have a position, and with a party, my responsibility is much bigger and I have to bring more success.
What changes have come about in you after joining the Congress?
Why can’t you contest elections?
I am facing a two-year conviction.
If you see my political career over the last five years, you will find it awkward.
For the last five years, I have not gone to Mehsana district.
In the sedition case, the Gujarat High Court sent me out of Gujarat and, in the same case, when I did not appear in the sessions court, they sent me to jail.
When I got bail, it was with the condition that I could not go out of the state.
Politically, this is a harassment, as none of the cases have been withdrawn against me.
When I was 24 years old and was preparing for my sister’s wedding in 2017, (West Bengal CM) Mamata (Banerjee) didi called me and said, ‘Hardik, I want to send you to the Rajya Sabha’.
I told her this is not my age.
From that day on my temptation for a political position went away.
Before 1985, all the Patidars were with the Congress.
Till 2007, Patels were aggressively with the BJP.
In 2007, when Gordhanbhai (Zadafia) refused to take up ministership, the Patels got divided.
Sixty per cent Patidars joined with the Congress and 40 per cent stayed with the BJP.
Because they removed Keshubhai Patel as CM, our family stayed away from the BJP.
Is it true that your father was associated with former chief minister Anandi Patel?
Yes.
When in 1995-96, Anandiben contested from Mandal (constituency), my father had a business of submersible pumps for fields.
He would roam around the villages and everyone knew him.
Some villages in Mandal would not even allow the BJP to enter these villages.
We had a Commando Jeep.
Anandiben came to my father seeking help to gain entry into these villages.
But my father was never with the BJP nor did he ever fight elections for BJP.
What is your equation with PAAS?
Ten or 15 days before I joined Congress in 2019, I appointed Alpesh Katheriya (of Surat) the PAAS convenor.
Before that 10 per cent reservation had been announced for the poor and middle class.
My andolan was limited to this demand.
Today, I am a member of PAAS.
But PAAS was limited to the movement for quota, which is no longer there.
So, the organisation naturally should have been disbanded but our people insisted on keeping PAAS till the martyred youths got justice.
It is natural then that today when I am with the organisation it can have demands of me.
PAAS sought a ticket from me for Dharmik Malaviya, which I got cleared.
But there were some local issues, and because I am only a working president (of the state Congress), I don’t have power to issue a mandate.
I was not there in a single screening (for tickets), nobody asked me during the ticket distribution.
So, I said nothing.
Do you think as a working president you should have been involved?
What is the party guideline, what is the power I don’t know.
As the working president you should have told us that your team is strong in Surat, in Saurashtra.
We have come from a movement.
I have toured 6,000 villages of Gujarat and I know the situation on the ground.
In Surat, the biggest mistake is of our Pradesh (state) leaders.
Had they asked me what is to be done, I would have given them the right advice.
They did not ask you?
No.
Do you give credit for 2015 results in Surat to PAAS?
In 2015. the entire results in Gujarat, be it of the taluka, district or nagarpalika, mahanagarpalika, was only because of the agitation and that the party will have to accept.
I tell the party leaders time and again that you need to understand the people who have come from the agitation because we are touring.
Even today, my tours are constantly on.
Not a single of my tours have been decided by the PCC (Pradesh Congress Committee) still I am on my toes, because I want to strengthen the party, whether someone else does or not.
They (Congress leaders) might be wanting to pull me down, push me and bring me down.
Let them, I will stand up again.
Because in the agitation, the BJP would bring me down and I would rise up.
Many times, I tell the party, that when I joined the Congress, I thought Congress will utilize me.
Even there I feel that my Pradesh high command, the state in-charge (prabhari), has failed.
Organise my meetings, I am ready to do 25 meetings a day.
You tell me ‘from today you have to do a 500 km padyatra’, assign me something, I tell the party again and again, give me some work.
But utilise me at least in areas where I have a presence, where I have my team, where I have a network.
A rally by party’s state chief Amit Chavda got cancelled on Feb 19.
Do you think you should have gone instead?
They asked me if I would go just a day before.
But I had already programmes lined up seven days in advance.
Had they told me in the beginning of the election that you have to do 25 rallies in Surat, this would not have been the result in Surat.
I am not just talking about Surat, also about the other municipal corporations.
See, the Congress will have to do atmamanthan (introspection) and openly speak up where they failed, or were weak.
We made a theme song (for campaigning), how many people heard it?
You put out the best manifesto in last 25 years but failed to take it to the people.
Which leader spoke of the manifesto?
See, the 6.5 crore people of Gujarat don’t accept BJP whether anyone believes or not.
You were saying people are trying to bring you down…
You (Congress leaders) are not organising any of my events.
Why are you not doing it?
You think this is intentional?
Possible.
I am doing so many meetings, such huge crowds come to my meetings, then why don’t you organise my meetings?
If you are the party’s (working) president and you are a strong person, you tell me go do 10 rallies.
Why are you (Congress leaders) not doing this for me?
So, none of the campaigns for the civic polls were fixed by the party?
Not a single one in the last 10 days.
How many sabhas have you held?
27 (in last 10 days).
What could be the reason?
Have you taken this issue to your national leadership?
Did you ever think of quitting the Congress?
Never.
Do you regret joining it?
Not one bit.
I have joined the Congress, whose leadership comprised of Sardar, (Mahatma) Gandhi and Pandit Nehru.
That is clear.
The party that was led by Subhash Chandra (Bose), Rajiv Gandhi, Indira Gandhi, that is the party I have joined.
What is the reason for AAP winning in Surat and AIMIM in Ahmedabad?
One of the biggest reasons is the low voter turnout in the municipal corporation… If the voting increases, we can believe that it has increased in support of the party in power.
It is not that the decrease in voting means (people) are not in support of the opposition.
It means people do not like the party in power… (With) the result of AAP in Surat and Rajkot, I clearly believe that people of Gujarat do not like the BJP, but at the same they do not vote for Congress because it is not aggressive.
AAP was aggressively doing programmes in Surat for 2-3 months and people began to believe that this party can put our issues forth.
And the fight over tickets that happened, people thought this is how the Congress is.
In Rajkot, AAP got second highest vote share, this is because for the last 2-3 months, the party was working as an aggressive opposition in Rajkot.
Also, there is a theory being circulated that Congress is a party of Muslims and Dalits, which is a part of the BJP strategy, because of which Muslims have also started thinking that whatever people might say, we are not getting anything from the Congress, (Asaduddin) Owaisi says the same thing.
He only speaks against the Congress, doesn’t speak against BJP.
If you want to counter all these, only come out on the streets and make your heads bloodied, fight against the people in power, be bathed in blood.
Not by telling the SP (superintendent of police), ‘we will walk that much then you can detain us’.
No.
Let the SP do whatever he wants, if you have to march to the governor’s place, then march!
Be aggressive.
For whom are we doing this?
for the people.
If we do good work for the people, they will vote for us.
If you do seva (service) you will get meva (fruit).
Is there a void felt of Ahmed Patel?
He played a very important role in the country’s political network, he was seen as close to Madam Sonia, he saw several covert operations through.
One thing is clear that the 219 seat that were won (by BJP) uncontested were by mismanagement.
There is no leader in the state who would now call (a distressed candidate) and say – why do you worry?
And if the candidate said he had no money to fight the elections against the powerful BJP and so he was withdrawing, Ahmedbhai would say, ‘Don’t worry, I will tell a few leaders to help you out’.
These he would tackle, handle the crisis.
Will you contest elections after this two-year conviction period is over?
As a working president, if the party wants to utilise me throughout the state for campaigning in the 2022 (Assembly) elections, then I don’t want to fight the elections.
We want to form the government.
But if you don’t want to utilise me, make me sweat, then tell me, I will fight an election.
I have not come here to do electoral politics.
I have come here to form a government.
Once that is done everything else will follow.
You are not as active on social media as 2015.
Why?
That fire Hardik Patel had before, seems missing…
Party is a different ball game.
Is that restricting you?
Absolutely.
Is it the Congress or the cases against you?
If I were afraid of the cases why would I join the Congress?
I would have gone and sat in the BJP.
The place where I come from, the BJP would not be able to defeat me, they would take me in as minister.
Has there been an offer?
No.
What is your equation with the party leadership?
I get along with everyone — Bharatsinhbhai (Solanki, former union minister), Amitbhai (Chavda, GPCC chief), Pareshbhai (Dhanani, leader of opposition), Siddarthbhai (Patel, former PCC chief), Arjunbhai (Modhwadia, ex-PCC chief), and Shaktibhai (Shaktisinh Gohil, RS MP).
Whether they get along with me or not that I don’t know.
Do you think they feel insecure?
Why feel insecure?
If in 2022 we form the government, will they make me chief minister?
You will be the chief minister.
But first form the government.
What if you were the Congress president today?
I would tour the whole state.
I would know the problem of each and every village.
My spokesperson, if he goes to a (media) debate on unemployment he should have the data on hand.
If as a state party president, I do not know the entire nature of Gujarat – the issues of every region – I should not be president.
First, I should work to become a state leader, then become the face (of the party).
Why is the youth not connecting to the Congress?
Gujarat has three kinds of youth.
If you sit in the Ahmedabad airport for an hour you will see the Gujarat youth flying to Canada and Australia to study.
He might settle down there.
The other is the one in the villages, who is only interested in a decent education and a government job.
The third is the one who is doing his father’s business, who does not care for the world.
I believe that (for them) the entire election is like the election of the President (American system).
They only look at two people when voting, Rahul Gandhi and Narendra Modi.
Gujarat or India’s youth does not look at who is the local candidate because he has no understanding of politics.
Even our smallest elections are a choice between Rahul Gandhi and Narendra Modi.
THE SUPREME Court on Friday declined to go any further into a plea seeking contempt of court proceedings against Maharashtra officials for rewarding people who killed an alleged ‘man-eater’ tigress, Avni, in Yavatmal district in 2018 after being told that the said shooting was done with the approval of the apex court.
“If the action was confirmed by the Supreme Court, we can’t reopen it,” Chief Justice of India S A Bobde, heading a three-judge bench, said and allowed the petitioner, animal rights activist Sangeeta Dogra, to withdraw her plea.
The bench also comprising Justices A S Bopanna and V Ramasubramanian had on the last date of hearing issued notice on the petition, which sought contempt action against Maharashtra Principal Secretary Vikas Kharge and others in connection with the shooting of Avni.
On Friday, the bench pointed out that the state in its reply had said that the action was sanctioned by the court and said it cannot say now that the tigress was not a man eater and review the earlier decision of the court.
Dogra contended that the forest officials had “celebrated” the killing but this was denied by the counsel who appeared for the officials.
Agreeing that it was indeed a “very serious issue”, the bench, however, said it cannot interfere in it at this stage and told the petitioner to come in advance if something similar happens in the future and the court will stop it.
The plea contended that the tigress was shot dead on the ground that it had killed 13 people in the area and hence was a “man-eater” but the post-mortem report showed that it was not a man-eater.
If an animal was a man-eater, the DNA tests would show this as the hair and nails remains in the intestines for more than six months, Dogra said, adding that “the tigress which was killed, her stomach was empty” and that the killers “were awarded by the state and there was celebration” in violation of Supreme Court directions.
Twitter has said that social media entities are facing a “significant trust deficit” and pledged to make its content moderation practices more transparent, giving people more control as it strives to be among the most open companies globally.
Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey said the microblogging platform is making a lot of progress in its accountability by “owning our mistakes and correcting, and reliability by following published principles and not wavering”.
“We are lacking in transparency and giving people more choice and control,” he told analysts.
Dorsey said that Twitter intends to make its content moderation practices more transparent, give people more control to moderate their interactions, enable a marketplace approach to relevance algorithms, and fund an open-source social media standard.
“… We agree many people don’t trust us.
Never has this been more pronounced than the last few years… And we aren’t alone: every institution is experiencing a significant trust deficit,” he said.
Focussing on metrics like transparency, accountability, reliability and choice will have a huge impact, Dorsey noted.
The guidelines also make it mandatory for platforms such as Twitter and WhatsApp to identify the originator of a message that authorities consider to be anti-national and against security and sovereignty of the country.
The norms on social media come within weeks of a spat between the government and Twitter over certain messages around farmer protests that the government saw as inciting violence.
The government sought removal of about 1,500 accounts and messages, a request that Twitter complied with, only after being warned of penal action.
While the company doesn’t disclose country-specific user numbers, government data put the microblogging platform’s user base at 1.75 crore.
Dorsey also talked about working on doubling Twitter’s development velocity by the end of 2023, resulting in doubling the number of features per employee that directly drive either mDAU (monetisable daily active users) or revenue.
“We have a goal of at least 315 million mDAU in the fourth quarter of 2023, which requires continued compounding growth at about 20 per cent per year from the base of 152 million mDAU we reported in the fourth quarter of 2019,” he added.
The company also aims to more than double its total annual revenue to over USD 7.5 billion in 2023.
“This requires us to gain market share with performance ads, grow brand advertising, and expand our products to small and medium sized businesses throughout the world,” Dorsey said.
Dalit labour activist Nodeep Kaur was released from prison on Friday after she was granted bail by the Punjab and Haryana High Court.
Kaur’s bail plea came up for hearing before the bench of Justice Avneesh Jhingan.
Kaur was arrested in January by the Haryana Police under charges of extortion and attempt to murder,
Kaur contended before the HC through her counsel, advocates R S Cheema, Arshdeep Singh Cheema and Harinder Deep Singh Bains, that she had been falsely arraigned as accused in the FIR dated January 12, registered at Kundli Police Station in Sonipat.
On Friday, the counsels of Kaur argued that IPC 307 (attempt to murder) and other serious sections were not made out.
In her petition, Kaur, a member of the Mazdoor Adhikar Sangathan, claimed she was “targeted and falsely implicated” in the case as she was successful in generating massive support for the ongoing farmer movement against the Centre’s three new farm laws.
Kaur, 24, is charged in three cases, including attempt to murder and extortion.
She has already been granted bail in the other two cases.
Advocate Cheema said the trial court had already accepted her bail plea in the other two FIRs, numbered 649 and 26.
The HC Friday granted Kaur bail in FIR number 25, which is also registered at PS Kundli.
Nodeep’s sister Rajvir had earlier told The Indian Express: “Nodeep joined the (farmers’) protest at Singhu in November.
She was also fighting for labourers who didn’t get wages regularly.
On January 12, she was protesting near a factory in Kundli when police picked her up… I met her and she told me cops assaulted her in custody.”
An Odisha jail doubled as a venue for solemnisation of marriage when an inmate accused of rape tied the knot with the complainant following court orders, officials said.
“Under Trial Prisoner Rajesh Singh (23) of Gurudijhatia area of the district married the rape survivor inside the jail premises by exchanging garlands, after orders from a POCSO court and the DG (Prisons),” Choudwar Circle Jail Superintendent Kulamani Behera said.
The bride, who turned 18 last month, was impregnated by Singh last year and is now a mother of a baby boy, the official said.
The woman went to her in-laws’ place after the marriage, but Singh will have to stay in jail for now as his bail application is scheduled to be heard again next month.
Hearing an earlier bail application, the POCSO court had said it would be considered only if he marries the woman, the jail official said.
The jail authorities had taken the help of a local NGO in making arrangements for the marriage on Thursday, which was solemnised in the presence of family members, friends and an advocate of the POCSO court.
A wedding reception was also held later, which was attended by other inmates, he added.
Asserting that peace and tranquillity on the border is essential for development of bilateral relations, India has told China that disengagement at all friction points is necessary to contemplate any de-escalation of troops even as the two sides agreed to establish a hotline contact for timely exchange of views.
Releasing details of External Affairs Minister S Jaishankar’s 75-minute telephonic conversation with his Chinese counterpart Wang Yi on Thursday, the Ministry of External Affairs (MEA) said in a statement on Friday that China was told that bilateral relations have been impacted severely over last year.
“EAM said that Boundary Question may take time to resolve but disturbance of peace and tranquillity, including by violence, will inevitably have a damaging impact on the relationship,” the ministry said.
The two ministers agreed to remain in touch and establish a hotline, it added.
According to a late-night press release issued by the Chinese Foreign Ministry in Beijing, Wang said China and India should firmly follow the right path of mutual trust and cooperation between neighbouring major countries, and not go astray with suspicion and distrust nor fall back on a road of “negative retrogression”.
Wang, also a State Councilor, noted that the two countries need to properly handle the border issue so as to prevent the bilateral ties from trapping into a “vicious cycle” because of it.
Jaishankar referred to their meeting in September 2020 in Moscow where the Indian side had expressed its concern on provocative behaviour and unilateral attempts of the Chinese side to alter the status quo, according to the MEA statement.
Jaishankar said that during their meeting in Moscow last year they had agreed that the situation in the border areas was not in the interest of either side and decided that the border troops of both sides should continue their dialogue, quickly disengage and ease tensions.
The EAM noted that the two sides had maintained continuous communication since then through both diplomatic and military channels.
This had led to progress as both sides had successfully disengaged in the Pangong lake area earlier this month.
Noting the completion of disengagement in the Pangong lake area, the EAM emphasized that both sides should now quickly resolve the remaining issues along the LAC in eastern Ladakh.
At the 10th round of the senior commanders’ meeting least week, India is learnt to have insisted on a faster disengagement process in areas such as Hot Springs, Gogra and Depsang to defuse tension in the region.
Jaishankar told Wang that once disengagement is completed at all friction points, then the two sides could also look at broader de-escalation of troops in the area and work towards restoration of peace and tranquillity.
Wang, on his part, expressed satisfaction at the progress made so far and said it was an important step forward for restoration of peace and tranquillity in the border areas, according to the MEA statement.
Wang also spoke about the need to improve management and control in the border areas, while Jaishankar highlighted that both sides had always agreed that maintenance of peace and tranquillity in the border areas was essential basis for development of bilateral relations.
“A prolongation of the existing situation was not in the interest of either side.
It was, therefore, necessary that the two sides should work towards early resolution of remaining issues.
It was necessary to disengage at all friction points in order to contemplate de-escalation of forces in this sector.
That alone will lead to the restoration of peace and tranquillity and provide conditions for progress of our bilateral relationship,” it said.
Wang also noted that the Indian side had proposed “three mutuals” — mutual respect, mutual sensitivity and mutual interests — as the approach to the relationship.
He also agreed on the importance of taking the long view of ties between the two neighbours.
According to the Chinese Foreign Ministry release, Wang also said border disputes are an “objective reality” and need to be attached adequate attention and taken seriously.
However, the border issue is not the whole story of China-India relations, and should be placed in a proper position in their relationship, he said.
“Wang said that the rights and wrongs of last year’s situation in China-India border areas are very clear, and profound lessons should be drawn from the past,” according to the Chinese foreign ministry statement.
The border standoff between the Indian and Chinese militaries erupted on May 5 last year following a violent clash in the Pangong Lake area and both sides gradually enhanced their deployment by rushing in tens of thousands of soldiers as well as heavy weaponry.
Subsequently, 20 Indian soldiers were killed in a fierce hand-to-hand combat on June 15 in Galwan Valley, an incident that marked the most serious military conflicts between the two sides in over four decades.
Eight months after the confrontation, China admitted that its four soldiers were killed in the fight.
The Election Commission will announce the schedule for assembly elections in West Bengal, Puducherry, Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Assam at 4.30 pm today, Friday.
Polls are to be held for 294 seats in West Bengal, 234 seats in Tamil Nadu, 140 seats in Kerala, 126 seats in Assam and 30 seats in Puducherry.
In Puducherry, President’s Rule has been imposed and the assembly kept under suspended animation after the V Narayanasamy-led Congress government resigned earlier this week ahead of a vote of confidence.
In Bengal, companies of central security forces began arriving this week.
It was reported that by February 25, at least 125 companies will arrive in the state to maintain law and order during the election campaign.
According to Election Commission (EC) officials, there will be 60 companies of the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF), 30 companies of the Sashastra Seema Bal (SSB), 25 companies of the Border Security Force (BSF) and five companies each of the Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) and the Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP).
On Monday, the Election Commission said the dispatch of central police forces to West Bengal was done as part of a routine exercise and wasn’t limited to one state.
Companies of central forces were sent to each of the four poll-bound states, including Assam, Kerala, and Tamil Nadu, the EC said.
The Commission’s statement comes a day after the Trinamool Congress, reacting to the presence of Central Armed Police Forces (CAPF) in West Bengal, accused the BJP of “treating polls as war, and not elections”.
The Commission said the CAPF is routinely sent for “advance area domination, especially in the critical and vulnerable sectors which are identified by meticulous advance reviews and concrete feedback from various sources including political parties and entities”.
This established practice dates back to the 1980s, it said.
In Tamil Nadu, keen to wrest power from the ruling AIADMK in the forthcoming elections, the DMK has started distributing application forms seeking aspirants wishing to contest the polls on the party’s symbol – the ‘rising sun’.
The process of handing out application forms has been underway since February 17.
The Railway Police Force (RPF) Friday confiscated a bag from the Chennai-Mangalore Express at Kozhikode railway station, which contained 117 gelatin sticks and 350 detonators.
The bag was found under a seat in the D1 coach of the train.
A woman from Tiruvannamalai in Tamil Nadu, identified as Ramani, who had bought a ticket from Katpadi to Thalassery, claimed ownership of the bag.
She said the items were to be used to break rocks and dig a well in Thalassery.
She was taken into custody and questioned by the police.
Due to the upcoming Kerala Assembly elections, the RPF has increased searches on trains, according to news agency PTI.
(With inputs from PTI)
Kerala Nirmal Lottery NR-213 Today Results:The Kerala state lottery department Friday announced the results of Kerala Nirmal Lottery NR-213.
The first prize winner is ticket number NN 388692 which bagged a whopping Rs 70 lakh.
The second prize was drawn by ticket number NV 683636 which bagged Rs 10 lakh, while third prize worth Rs 1 lakh was won by ticket numbers NN-746647, NO-770967, NP-797936, NR-446897, NS-644164, NT-683275, NU-572920, NV-752763, NW-841860, NX-867482, NY-253332, NZ-557702.
The consolation prize of Rs 8,000 was won by ticket numbers NO 388692, NP 388692, NR 388692, NS 388692, NT 388692, NU 388692, NV 388692, NW 388692, NX 388692, NY 388692, NZ 388692.
The official results are available on keralalotteries.com.
The price of a single ticket is Rs 40, while the entire book costs Rs 750.
If the prize money is less than Rs 5,000, the winners can claim the money from any lottery shop in Kerala.
If the amount won is above Rs 5,000, the winners will have to surrender their tickets before a bank or government lottery office with id proofs.
With seven daily and multiple bumpers draws, the lottery is one of the biggest cash flows in Kerala.
The state government organizes four festival bumper draws —Onam, Vishu, Christmas and Pooja/Dussehra.
There are two seasonal jackpots, the monsoon and summer bumper.
Kar was one of 23 citizens selected for an interaction with the administration over video conferencing as part of Sinha’s public outreach and grievance redress efforts.
Of the thousands of complaints received by the L-G’s grievance portal, a few – at least one from each district – are selected depending on the nature of the complaint for a direct interaction with Sinha in the last week of the month.
“My house was damaged in the 2014 flood.
I have been awaiting compensation since then,” Kar said, in the fifth session of the ‘L-G Mulaqat’ on Thursday.
The monthly event began after Sinha took office in August.
Kar said his son found the portal online and suggested placing a complaint on it.
A case had been processed and a cheque issued.
But with the family failing to deposit it, the cheque lapsed.
“Since then, I have been running around, seeking re-issue of the cheque.
But no one has been able to help,” he said.
After listening to the query, Sinha asked Srinagar Deputy Commissioner Shahid Iqbal Choudhary to respond.
“The relief files had been closed in 2016 and this issue could not be resolved.
However, taking note of this as a special case, we will issue a fresh cheque,” he said.
He said that with each session, the number of complaints disposed of has also gone up gradually: from a disposal percentage of 52 in the first edition, the figure has gone up to 86 per cent in the last.
“There is scrutiny of each complaint in front of the entire administrative machinery, therefore a lot of times, action is taken even before the complaint is brought before the L-G,” Singh said.
However, the effort also is to separate grievances from demands.
Concerns regarding macadamisation of roads, requirements of bridges or institutions and sometimes, even policy requirements also come through the portal.
In the second edition of the mulaqat, a resident of Sidher, in RS Pura area of Jammu, stated that his village was left out of reservation for people living along the International Border.
On February 22, the administration issued orders to include not just Sidher, but 42 other villages within the ambit of reservation.
An attendee at Srinagar raised a query about a private trust taken up by the then government in 2018 and all 19 staff members at the institution remaining unpaid since then.
Chief Secretary B V R Subramanian in attendance, the L-G directed that the salary of the official be withheld until the staff at the institution are paid.
“L-G sahab directed the officials to resolve this matter.
He also said that since we have been unpaid for the last 36 months, the official concerned will not get his salary until this is resolved,” Manzoor Ahmad said.
Another attendee from Jammu raised the issue of commercial vehicles passing through a village in Samba district to avoid the toll plaza on the national highway.
Similarly, a complainant apprised the L-G of low voltage in his locality.
The departments with the highest load of grievances include Revenue, General Administration, Home, Public Works and School Education.
Listing the number of officials he had contacted about electricity woes in his area, Arshid Ayoub said, “If the matter had been resolved at any level until now, no one would need to contact the L-G’s office.
It is a last resort of people like me, who have tried and failed to get a hearing in any office.”
Mainstream leaders in Kashmir have welcomed the joint statement by India and Pakistan announcing a ceasefire on the Line of Control.
Mufti has been advocating dialogue between India and Pakistan for resolution of the Kashmir issue.
“Ultimately, dialogue and reconciliation is the only way forward for peaceful resolution of issues between the two neighbours.”
National Conference president, MP and former CM Farooq Abdullah, too, welcomed the development, saying it will “go a long way towards sustainable peace”.
“I hope the agreement is followed in letter and spirit.
The development, I sincerely believe, will allow people living alongside LoC and International Border to go about their normal lives with minimal disruption and risk,” he said.
“The agreement, I believe, if followed by the book, will help advance the collaboration between the two neighbouring countries.”
Abdullah said he expects some forward movement in the dialogue process that would help the two countries resolve all issues.
“I hope the development doesn’t go down as short-lived flutter but increases the possibility of some forward advancement towards the resolution of all impending issues lingering between the two neighbouring nations.”
Responding to the development, Peoples Conference president Sajad Lone tweeted that he was not being “negative”, adding, “They can play friend and enemies whenever they want.
Wish we Kashmiris learn our lessons.
And we won’t learn.”
Hurriyat Conference too has welcomed the announcement and called it a “move in the right direction”.
“Just as the joint statement correctly points out that in the interest of achieving mutually beneficial and sustainable peace along the borders, the two DGsMO agreed to address each other’s core issues and concerns which have propensity to disturb the peace and lead to violence, likewise, in the interest of mutually beneficial and sustainable peace in the entire region, Governments of India and Pakistan need to address the core concern of J&K in keeping with the aspirations of its people , which is the cause of conflict and violence in the region,” the Hurriyat, led by Mirwaiz Umar Farooq, said in a statement.
“The talks are the best means to address this concern and we have always advocated it.”
Observing that the investigating officer is “not supposed to collect evidence only to prove the guilt of the accused, rather he has to bring true picture before the court”, a Delhi court has asked Delhi Police to conduct its investigation “in a fair and impartial manner” in connection with the Red Fort violence on Republic Day, after actor turned activist Deep Sidhu claimed he was trying to pacify the crowd there on January 26.
Police told the court that Sidhu was trying to “guide police to conduct investigation in a particular manner”.
Sidhu has been arrested for allegedly instigating violent protesters at the monument.
Chief Metropolitan Magistrate Gajender Singh Nagar, who passed the order on an application filed by Sidhu through his lawyer Abhishek Gupta, stated, “Police officials are directed to investigate on the points as mentioned in the application made by the complainant to unearth the truth.
Furthermore, appropriate action may be taken and appropriate sections may be added if the accused is trying to mislead the investigation by fabricating false evidence.
IO is duty bound to conduct proper investigation in the matter in fair and impartial manner.
He is not supposed to collect evidence only to prove the guilt of the accused, rather he has to bring the true picture before the court.”
Sidhu’s lawyers had moved court asking it to issue directions to the investigating agency to include all videos and other material showing “innocence” of accused on the record.
Additional Public Prosecutor Rajiv Kamboj, who appeared on behalf of police, told the court that “accused cannot guide the police to conduct investigation in a particular manner”.
“Police are duty bound to conduct a fair and impartial investigation.
However, accused cannot be allowed to divert investigation of police from its path.
It is argued that by moving the present application, he is trying to guide the investigation being done by the police,” Kamboj said.
Sidhu’s lawyers argued that “CCTV footage of the Red Fort is already with the investigating agency which shows the applicant/accused did not participate in any act of violence and rather he was working with the police in pacifying the crowd”.
“That applicant/accused is apprehensive that the said CCTV footage (from 10 am to 4 pm) and the video will also not be considered by the investigating agency,” the court was told.
Gupta told the court that Sidhu reached the area around Red Fort “only around 2 pm and he also gave the route from Murthal.
Huge crowd had already gathered at the spot before he reached there.
He had asked the investigating agency to obtain his phone location and also the car navigation system.
However, the investigating agency has chosen not to check the said evidence…”
Congress leaders called it shameful, saying that Kamaraj had been subjected to an attack by the RSS.
However, an RSS leader denied that the organisation had any role in the attack and said there was nothing wrong in the decision to use a cutout of the leader.
Lauding the Tamil language and culture, the Prime Minister said at the rally that the NDA and AIADMK governments working together was a classic example of cooperative federalism and listed a number of Central schemes citing the cordial relationship between the state and Union governments.
“Opposition style of politics is based on bullying and harassment.
Whenever DMK comes to power, they promote a strong man culture.
In every district, they have anti-social elements who trouble innocent citizens.
Their party leaders extort money.
Do you know who suffers the most in such a culture?
It is the women of Tamil Nadu.
Entire Tamil Nadu knows how DMK treated Amma Jayalalithaa-ji,” Modi said.
Congress spokesperson Anand Srinivasan said, “They appropriated Sardar Patel first.
And what happened?
They replaced his name with Narendra Modi in the Gujarat stadium… BJP and RSS should be shameless, they go everywhere and try to appropriate leaders.
Their effort to appropriate Kamaraj means nothing but that they are eyeing Hindu Nadar votes,” Srinivasan said.
Responding to Elangovan’s allegation that RSS had tried to kill him once, referring to an incident in which his house was burnt down by Hindu groups in Delhi, Raja said it was an incident that happened in 1967 in which RSS had no role.
“Did the chargesheet mention the name of RSS in Mahatma Gandhi assassination?
No.
Similarly, RSS had no role in that attack against Kamaraj too.
RSS name was not mentioned anywhere.
The attack was following his controversial remarks, ‘why not kill, why not eat’, in response to a conference organised by various Hindu organisations in 1967 against cow slaughter.
RSS did not attack him but some of the people who were hurt by his remarks were behind it,” Raja said.
Ramu Manivannan, who teaches political science in the University of Madras, said, “There is a section of people who use Kamaraj for their community identity.
Other than targeting this group to expand their community-based expansion in Tamil Nadu, I don’t see any other factor for BJP to use Kamaraj’s image in their party rally.
They never spoke about his governance or policies.
It is kind of projecting the Hindu Nadar votes, which is undoubtedly an emerging vote bank for BJP in Tamil Nadu,” Manivannan said.
He said only a BJP-led government can make Assam free of corruption, protests and infiltrators, and promised to bring to an end the menace of heavy floods in the state every year.
Addressing a rally in Nagaon district, Shah said, “The Congress is seen only when there are elections.
Otherwise, they are indulging in merriment in Delhi.
Moreover, in this election, an unique thing is being seen.
Those who do ‘andolans’ have come up with new names to help that Congress party, which had fired at and killed Assamese youth during the Assam movement, win elections … Their aim is to help the Congress win… They know they can’t form the government — but it is very sad that they are helping the Congress by trying to cut the BJP’s votes.”
Shah continued, “Those who sit with Ajmal, can they stop infiltration?… Can they save the rhinos of Assam from being poached?… To win Assam elections, you will come with Badruddin Ajmal and you dare to talk of saving Assam?”
“The Congress talks about providing security when it is joining hands with Ajmal.
It’s only because of its lust for power that it has joined hands with Ajmal,” said Shah.
“The andolanjeevis have formed new parties.
They don’t know that the party which works for Assam’s integrity — the Asom Gana Parishad (AGP) — is with us… The BJP and the AGP will win together win more than 2/3 seats in the coming elections and form the government… Give us five more years, we will make Assam the number one state in the country,” he said.
Shah’s reference underlines the genesis of two new parties – the Assam Jatiya Parishad and the Raijor Dal – from the massive anti-CAA protests that rocked the state in 2019.
The two parties will contest the elections together.
The Congress and Ajmal-led AIUDF, together with three Left parties and a regional party, have announced a grand alliance against the BJP in the polls, expected in April.
In Nagaon’s Bordowa, Shah also inaugurated a project to beautify the birthplace of renowned Vaishnavite saint-reformer Srimanta Sankardeva.
He also extolled the values and lessons imparted by Sankardeva.
At a separate event in Karbi Anglong district, Shah said that due to the efforts of the central and the state governments peace has returned to Assam.
He was referring to the surrender of 1,040 militants of five militant groups of Karbi Anglong district at an event in Guwahati on Tuesday.
Infamous for lending a hand in the setting-up of a temple for Mahatma Gandhi’s killer Nathuram Godse in the Hindu Mahasabha office in Gwalior, the Councillor of the district’s Ward 44, Babulal Chourasia, was on Thursday inducted into the Congress party in the presence of Kamal Nath, state Congress president and former Chief Minister.
Justifying the decision, Kamal Nath said, “If Mr Modi wants to join our party, he can join.
If someone wants to reform and realisation dawns on them that they have been on the wrong side and now want to join Congress, they can come.”
Chourasia was one of the members of the Hindu Mahasabha’s core committee that had conceptualised the temple.
After the Gwalior administration refused permission for construction of a temple, the Hindu Mahasabha installed Godse’s bust in its Daulatganj office in November 2017.
It was, however, removed by the administration after an uproar by the Congress.
In January this year, the Hindu Mahasabha opened a ‘Godse Gyanshala’ dedicated to his life and ideology.
About this devotion to Godse in the past, Chourasia said, “It never felt right in the heart and I often thought of not doing it and quitting to join the Congress.
But I did not want people to come and tell me that you had won on a ticket given by the Hindu Mahasabha.
I have completed my tenure but in the first few years of joining the Mahasabha, a bitterness had developed in my heart, so I quit and went back to my old family.”
He said if Valmiki, a dacoit, can have a change of heart and become a maharishi, then why not him who had been associated with the Congress party since he was 22.
The state Congress party tweeted a picture of Chourasia joining the party on Wednesday.
Praveen Pathak, Congress leader from Gwalior, took to twitter and said, “Gandhi ji aaj sharminda nahi khus huwe honge (Gandhiji would be happy, not ashamed, today).
Godse’s ideology has been renounced and Gandhi’s blessings have been taken.”
Infamous for lending a hand in the setting-up of a temple for Mahatma Gandhi’s killer Nathuram Godse in the Hindu Mahasabha office in Gwalior, the Councillor of the district’s Ward 44, Babulal Chourasia, was on Thursday inducted into the Congress party in the presence of Kamal Nath, state Congress president and former Chief Minister.
Justifying the decision, Kamal Nath said, “If Mr Modi wants to join our party, he can join.
If someone wants to reform and realisation dawns on them that they have been on the wrong side and now want to join Congress, they can come.”
Chourasia was one of the members of the Hindu Mahasabha’s core committee that had conceptualised the temple.
After the Gwalior administration refused permission for construction of a temple, the Hindu Mahasabha installed Godse’s bust in its Daulatganj office in November 2017.
It was, however, removed by the administration after an uproar by the Congress.
In January this year, the Hindu Mahasabha opened a ‘Godse Gyanshala’ dedicated to his life and ideology.
About this devotion to Godse in the past, Chourasia said, “It never felt right in the heart and I often thought of not doing it and quitting to join the Congress.
But I did not want people to come and tell me that you had won on a ticket given by the Hindu Mahasabha.
I have completed my tenure but in the first few years of joining the Mahasabha, a bitterness had developed in my heart, so I quit and went back to my old family.”
He said if Valmiki, a dacoit, can have a change of heart and become a maharishi, then why not him who had been associated with the Congress party since he was 22.
The state Congress party tweeted a picture of Chourasia joining the party on Wednesday.
Praveen Pathak, Congress leader from Gwalior, took to twitter and said, “Gandhi ji aaj sharminda nahi khus huwe honge (Gandhiji would be happy, not ashamed, today).
Godse’s ideology has been renounced and Gandhi’s blessings have been taken.”
Scrambling to beat the Model Code of Conduct that set in the moment the poll schedule was announced Friday, West Bengal hiked the daily wage rate for labourers while the Tamil Nadu Assembly passed a Bill to reserve 10.5% of the special quota for the Vanniyar community in educational institutions and in appointments to state services.
Taking to Twitter ahead of the Election Commission announcement of the Assembly election schedule, West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee said: “I am pleased to announce a HIKE in the wages of daily wage workers under WB Urban Employment Scheme: To Rs 202 per day from Rs 144 earlier for unskilled labour; To Rs 303 from Rs172 earlier for semi-skilled; Rs 404 for skilled labour (new category introduced).”
“A total of 56,500 workers (40,500 unskilled, 8000 semi-skilled, 8000 skilled) will benefit from this.
These wages are in parity with rural workers’ enhanced pay (MNREGA unskilled & semi-skilled).
Budget provision for this step has been made available for both FY21 & FY22,” she said.
In Tamil Nadu, the state Assembly passed a Bill to provide 10.5% of the special reservation to the Vanniyar community in educational institutions and in appointments to posts in the state.
This decision — of acceding to the demand of the Pattali Makkal Katchi (PMK), an ally of AIADMK and NDA, which enjoys the support of the Vanniyar community in northern Tamil Nadu — is seen as a move by the AIADMK to retain the PMK in the alliance though the party has no representation in the state Assembly.
A statement from Chief Minister Edappadi K Palaniswami, detailing the “object and reasons” for the decision, said: “There had been consistent representations from the Most Backward Class of Vanniakula Kshatriya for providing separate reservation for them in admission to such educational institutions and in appointment of posts in the services under the state as they could not compete with the other castes and communities included in the list of MBC and denotified communities…”
According to the statement, the chairman of the Backward Classes Commission examined the demand made by various categories and recommended to the government that internal reservation may be given for three categories, namely, MBC(V): 10.5%; MBC and denotified communities: 7%; and MBC: 2.5%.
The statement clarified that the special reservation for Vanniyars would be within the existing 20% reservation for MBCs.
Currently, the state has 69% reservation — 18% for Scheduled Castes, 1% for Scheduled Tribes, 20% for MBC, and 30% reservation for OBCs.
The OBC quota includes reservation for minority communities including a 3.5% reservation for Muslims.
The government said the reservation will be provided on a temporary basis for six months and that it would be reworked, based on its findings when the caste based census is published.
In Assam, star sprinter Hima Das was into the Assam Police Friday as a Deputy Superintendent of Police in the presence of Chief Minister Sarbananda Sonowal.
She was handed the appointment letter by Sonowal at a ceremony attended by top functionaries of the state government and the police.
The Assam government Friday also transferred Rs 1 lakh each to 1487 landless families of Laika and Dodhia in Dibru Saikhowa National Park through DBT, completing an earlier announcement by Sonowal.
Residents of Laika and Dodhia villages in Tinsukia district have been seeking rehabilitation for a long time now.
The Chief Minister distributed appointment letters to 737 candidates for the posts of Assistant Manager, Junior Managers and Assistant Account Officers of APDCL, AEGCL and APGCL at a function in Guwahati.
He also inaugurated and laid foundation stones for several power projects in the state.
An ANI report said the Puducherry Lt Governor Friday announced a 2% reduction in VAT (Value Added Tax) on petrol and diesel in the Union Territory.
Puducherry has been placed under President’s rule following the collapse of the Congress-led government.
Hours before the assembly election schedule was announced, Kerala government announced that RT PCR test for expatriates would be free of cost.
Also, the government said fishermen would get kerosene at a subsidized price of Rs 25 per litre, as against the existing price of Rs 52 per litre, from next month onwards.
The fishermen community has been raising the demand for the last five years.
The decision was to douse the ire of fishermen who are protesting against a government deal to deploy foreign deep sea trawlers.
Also, the DA arrears for 70,000-odd employees and pensioners of Kerala State Transport Corporation, unpaid since 2016, were cleared on Friday.
Government also announced the formation of the first tribal revenue block in Attappadi
The Army on Friday said the ceasefire agreement between India and Pakistan along the Line of Control (LoC) and other sectors was a positive move and a step in the right direction, but security forces will approach the situation with cautious optimism.
Speaking to reporters here, General Officer Commanding (GoC), Kilo Force, Major General H S Sahi said when there is a semblance of peace on the LoC, other steps will follow.
“It is indeed a very positive step, a step in the right direction, but as security forces personnel, we have to approach with very, very cautious optimism,” Sahi told reporters.
He said such agreements were reached in the past as well, but certain elements derailed them.
“We would like it to happen the way the understanding has been reached.
These things were worked in the past also, but because of certain elements and powers at play, they could not be taken to a logical conclusion.
If implemented by both the sides, this will be a way forward.
So, it is a very proactive step,” he said.
The GoC expressed hope that the agreement would lead to “further steps”.
“We hope that whatever will happen will further lead to some negotiations at various levels so that we take it forward and not do a repeat of what they (Pakistan) are doing all along,” he said.
However, Major General Sahi said the other steps will follow only when there is a semblance of peace on the LoC.
“All activities like infiltration or arms being sent across the border must stop in case the understanding has to be earnestly implemented,” he added.
“Our establishment of the security grid, the infiltration grid on the LoC and the grid thereafter in the immediate hinterland, has been calibrated and we are prepared.
We have also started moving up to forward areas to carry out reconnaissance and also to see for ourselves which are the areas which we can move to immediately,” he said.
Asked about the impact of the ceasefire agreement on the infiltration, Major General Sahi expressed hope that the agreement would manifest on the ground.
“The counter-infiltration grid is absolutely intact.
The ceasefire violations are basically meant to assist the militants to sneak across.
We hope that in the spirit of the understanding of the agreement, it manifests on the ground in the coming days,” he said.
On a question about the activities on the launchpads across the LoC, the GoC said there are reports of some “low-scale” activities taking place.
“On our side, the movement has started towards the reception areas.
So far, there are no credible, confirmed inputs (about the movement of militants across the LoC) but we are continuously monitoring the situation,” he said.
Major General Sahi said the number of militants in the Kashmir valley was about 210-215, out of which about 140 are in south Kashmir and 60-65 are in north Kashmir.
“Out of these, 18-20 are locals.
These are rough estimates.
It is a matter of concern, but it does not bother us too much as we have the capability to address all their activities,” he said.
However, he added that there was no militant active in north Kashmir from Hizbul Mujahideen and that most of the militants belonged to Lashkar-e-Toiba (LeT).
He said the security forces were geared up for the summer months to face the challenges at both the LoC and the hinterland.
“There are multiple challenges, but we are capable enough to deal with those.
Lots of people are expected to visit Kashmir in the summer months.
The peaceful environment in the valley will act as a catalyst to attract more tourists,” he said.
Congress workers also raised slogans demanding a reduction in fuel prices as they marched on foot outside the Kerala Secretariat.
Taking to Twitter, the Thiruvananthapuram MP said that it was done to protest “extortionate fuel taxes and the failure of both Central and State governments to reduce their share of the loot”.
In several parts of the country, petrol prices have either touched or are nearing a record high of Rs 100 per litre
After years of wait, Anjana Mishra says she had lost hope that the mastermind behind her gangrape would ever be caught, or that the “political conspiracy” behind the crime be exposed.
But, she never stopped fighting.
Mishra was sexually assaulted at gunpoint for nearly four hours on January 9, 1999, after the car she was in with a journalist friend was forcibly stopped.
Mishra was at the time fighting an attempt-to-rape case against then state advocate general Indrajit Ray, known for his closeness to Chief Minister J B Patnaik.
She snubbed multiple offers to “compromise” and drop her charges against Ray, whom she had met regarding her divorce from her IFS husband.
Two decades ago, a woman thus going public with rape charges, especially taking on the high and mighty, was unheard of.
Soon after the gangrape charges, Patnaik stepped down.
A CBI court in February 2000 upheld the attempt-to-rape allegation against Ray.
Mishra continues to hold that Patnaik and Ray were behind the attack on her, to intimidate her into dropping the charges.
Both Ray and Patnaik are now dead.
Mishra hopes that the next legal battle that looms will finally lead to the CBI establishing the “conspiracy” angle.
“He (Biswal) will be questioned, tried and convicted.
I want him to be hanged or to stay in prison for the rest of his life.” One of Mishra’s earliest supporters, Saila Behera, secretary of the Cuttack-based NGO Basundhara, says the political involvement in the case must be probed.
Fifty-one now, Mishra admits that it’s been a long and “lonely” battle — a far cry from what the high-scoring school student who pursued literature, and who got married at 17 to a man 13 years older, imagined for herself.
“When you are raped, your life is destroyed.
However much you try to be normal, it (the pain) doesn’t go away.
There is certainly rage and it will always be there.”
Her family doesn’t want her attracting attention, and hence she is almost always indoors at her parents’ house, she says, refusing to meet for an interview.
In the days following the gangrape, Mishra used to interact with journalists (including this reporter) at the gate of her parents’ home, ignoring disapproving eyes from inside.
She can’t really explain what gave her the courage to go on, says Mishra.
In 1996, she was found in a mental hospital in Ranchi, put there by her husband, and got out by approaching the State Human Rights Commission and social activists.
When the divorce came through in December 2000, she lost custody of her two sons as, she says, she was not financially independent.
Mishra points out that it has not got any easier for women two decades later.
“The judicial process is not easy,” she says.
However, her advice is to not give up.
“I have always believed that I deserve justice, and I will get it.”
The INS letter said newspapers employ thousands of journalists on the ground at considerable cost for gathering information, and that this content was not just proprietary but gave Google its “authenticity in India”.
In a press release, the INS said, “The Society insisted that Google should increase the publisher share of advertising revenue to 85 per cent, and also ensure more transparency in the revenue reports provided to publishers by Google.” The INS said its digital team and Google had been in “engaging” discussions for the past six months.
The Indian Express made several attempts to reach Google, but no response was forthcoming.
The letter pointed out that world over publishers have been raising the issue of fair payment for content and proper sharing of advertising revenue.
“It is also noted that Google has recently agreed to better compensate and pay publishers in France, the European Union and notably Australia.”
The INS also raised the issue of more prominence being given to editorial content from “Registered News Publishers”, so as to tackle fake news, and said Google often picks up content from sites that are not credible.
On Thursday, Facebook also announced plans to invest $1 billion to “support the news industry” over the next three years.
Google had earlier said in October that it would pay publishers $1 billion over the next three years.
Google recently struck deals with major Australian news businesses, claiming arrangements with more than 50 publishers in the country and more than 500 globally.
—With AP inputs
Ahead of the Puducherry elections, Modi addressed a gathering as part of an event where he inaugurated and laid the foundation stone of various development initiatives.
He said the people of Puducherry, who voted for Congress in 2016, thought the party will solve their problems.
“Five years later, people are disappointed… Not happy at all… Their dreams and hopes are broken,” Modi said, adding that what they got in 2016 was not a people’s government but a “high command government” serving a few part of the Congress high command in Delhi.
The Prime Minister said the Congress government’s priority was not the upliftment of people from poverty.
“The NDA assures you that the next government here will be a people-powered government.
The high command Congress government in Puducherry made it a point to destroy traditional mills.
Local industries are in trouble.
Congress doesn’t believe in working for the people.
I can understand that… But what I cannot understand is why Congress doesn’t want others to work for people,” he said.
Days after the former Congress Chief Minister V Narayanasamy accused the BJP government of preventing funds and development in Puducherry, Modi, in his speech on Thursday, said there was non-cooperation from the Congress government in Puducherry.
He said funds allotted for several “pro-people central schemes and for the coastal sector and fishermen were not utilised”.
Modi said Narayanasamy gave a wrong translation when a poor woman complained about him to former Congress president Rahul Gandhi recently — a reference to a video of Gandhi’s interaction with people from coastal Puducherry region in which a woman complained about Narayanasamy’s indifference following a cyclone.
Narayanasamy was seen translating her complaint into a compliment in favour of him when he translated her complaint to Gandhi in English.
Modi said he saw the pain in her eyes and voice.
“Instead of telling the truth to the nation, the former CM gave a wrong translation… He lied to the people and his own leader.
A party whose culture is based on lies,” Modi said.
The Prime Minister said Congress these days leaves no opportunity to call others anti-democratic.
“But they need to look at themselves in the mirror, they insult democracy in every possible way.
In Puducherry, they refused to hold panchayat elections even after the Supreme Court said polls should be held,” Modi said, adding that even Jammu and Kashmir, Ladakh and Gujarat held elections.
“While colonial rulers did divide and rule, Congress did divide, lie and rule,” Modi said, alleging that Congress had also been making its own leaders and even communities fight each other.
The Prime Minister also targeted Gandhi over his speech that Congress will set up a fisheries ministry if elected to power, saying that he was unaware of the new fisheries ministry set up by NDA in 2019.
Modi said people all over India are now rejecting the Congress party.
Modi said NDA wants to make Puducherry the best.
“Best means B for the best business hub, E for educational hub, S for spiritual hub and T for tourism hub,” he said, elaborating the significance of each sector and scope for them in UT.
Modi said if NDA is elected to power, it will also focus on coastal development and the cooperative sector.
“The high command government in Puducherry did not care about cooperatives properly.
Many have been shut,” he said, promising to work towards strengthening cooperatives in Puducherry and “make it vibrant to help women of Puducherry”.
He ended his speech with an appeal to reject the “anti-development forces”, and support NDA’s development agenda “to restore the glory of Puducherry”.
A number of healthcare, education, sports and marine economy projects were inaugurated by the PM in Puducherry.
He also laid the foundation stone for the development of Minor Port at Puducherry under Sagarmala Scheme and inaugurated the Blood Centre at Jawaharlal Institute of Postgraduate Medical Education and Research (JIPMER).
AROUND 20 gelatin sticks were found in a vehicle parked outside Antilla, the south Mumbai home of Reliance Industries head Mukesh Ambani, on Thursday evening, leading to a security scare and a massive mobilisation by the Mumbai Police to trace the culprits.
The billionaire industrialist has Z-plus security cover, the highest protection the government provides to individuals assessed as facing a threat.
He pays for the security.
Gelatin sticks are generally used for blasting purposes in quarries, but have been used for terror attacks in the past.
However, they need a detonator to be set off, and none was found in the Scorpio.
Apart from the Mumbai Police Crime Branch, the Maharashtra Anti-Terrorism Squad is looking into the matter.
What first raised suspicion was the fact that the registration number of the vehicle matched that of a Range Rover in Ambani’s security convoy.
Police are trying to track down the owners of the four-wheeler from the chassis number and other details of the car.
Police said they had also recovered a letter from the vehicle, refusing any more details.
An officer who is part of the investigation team said they had got a CCTV grab from Wednesday night showing a white vehicle accompanying the Scorpio as it parked near Antilla.
The driver of the Scorpio then got into the white SUV and they left, leaving the Scorpio behind.
Hunt is now on for the white vehicle.
Mumbai Police spokesperson Chaitanya S said, “A suspicious vehicle was found on Carmichael Road today evening under limits of the Gamdevi Police Station.
Bomb Detection and Disposal Squad team and other police teams reached the spot immediately, examined the vehicle and found some explosive material gelatin inside.
It was not an assembled explosive device.
Further investigation is on.”
Maharashtra Home Minister Anil Deshmukh said, “The Mumbai Crime Branch is investigating and there should soon be some clarity.”
Analysts from the Kalina Forensic Science Laboratory have collected samples from the vehicle.
Security outside Antilla has been increased.
After one of the most active years on the Line of Control, with over 4,600 instances of ceasefire violations by Pakistan recorded in 2020, India and Pakistan issued a joint statement on Thursday to strictly observe all agreements on ceasefire along the LoC and other sectors, and to address “each other’s core issues and concerns”.
It was their first joint statement in over eight years.
The statement said that the Director Generals of Military Operations (DGMOs) of the Indian and Pakistani armies had held talks this week to renew the peace process.
It said both the countries agreed to “strict observance of all agreements, understanding and ceasefire along the Line of Control and all other sectors with effect from midnight 24/25 February”.
Lt General Paramjit Singh Sangha, Deputy Chief of Army (Strategy), who also holds charge of DGMO, spoke to his counterpart Maj Gen Nauman Zakaria on February 22.
But the discussions leading to the understanding, sources said, had been going on for over a month.
Sources said the two sides had agreed to follow the 2003 ceasefire understanding.
Though there had been no written agreement back then, Pakistan had announced unilateral ceasefire on November 26, 2003, which was reciprocated by India.
However, the violations had started by 2009.
The last such joint statement by the DGMOs was in December 2013.
The statement released on Thursday said, “The Director Generals of Military Operations of India and Pakistan held discussions over the established mechanism of hotline contact.
The two sides reviewed the situation along the Line of Control and all other sectors in a free, frank and cordial atmosphere.
In the interest of achieving mutually beneficial and sustainable peace along the borders, the two DGMOs agreed to address each other’s core issues and concerns which have propensity to disturb peace and lead to violence.”
Even as India and Pakistan are not yet talking, the understanding between the DGMOs to stick to ceasefire is a significant thaw, and will bring immediate relief to forces and citizens living on the LoC.
It also comes close on the heels of the ratcheting down of heat on the eastern front with China.
It stated that both sides “reiterated that existing mechanisms of hotline contact and border flag meetings will be utilised to resolve any unforeseen situation or misunderstanding”.
Sources in the security establishment stressed that “there will be no change in our stance on anti-infiltration and anti-terrorist operations”.
India had made it clear to Pakistan that if the latter continues to provide support to militants to infiltrate, India will retain the right to retaliate, the sources said.
According to the data shared by the government with Parliament earlier this month, 2020 witnessed 5,133 ceasefire violations as compared to 3,479 in 2019 and 2,140 in 2018.
The incidents led to deaths of 22, 18 and 30 civilians, and 24, 19 and 29 security perrsonnel respectively.
As per Army data, January and February 2021 have seen 591 crossfire violations already.
Under the current mechanism, a Brigadier-rank officer conducts a weekly call with his counterpart in the DGMO’s office through the hotline.
Any urgent or outstanding issue is resolved through the hotline at any given point.
Sources said the two DGMOs also interact regularly through this hotline to review the situation along the LoC and International Boundary to try and “achieve observance of all understandings and agreements between the two militaries”.
The senior Army officer said despite this week’s development, there would be no lowering of vigil on terrorism, or their efforts to check infiltration.
“Acts of terror will not be tolerated and a befitting response would await any misadventure,” the officer said, adding that the understanding reached with Pakistan was essentially meant to provide relief to people living near the LoC who were badly affected by the shelling and firing.
The officer acknowledged that India was wary given its “history of bitter experiences” with Pakistan and that in the past peace processes had been “derailed either because of acts of terror or the Pakistan Army’s belligerence”.
INDIA and Pakistan have been holding back-channel talks for the last three months, with National Security Advisor Ajit Doval leading the Indian diplomatic initiative with Pakistan’s civilian-military leadership.
Sources said “more steps” towards peace are likely in the coming weeks, with both sides “engaged” and “cautiously optimistic”.
On Thursday, Yusuf denied any meeting with Doval, tweeting “no such talks have taken place”, and calling such claims “baseless”.
However, sources said that given the weight of the “public opinion” that needs to be “managed”, neither side is expected to come out with details of what led to the current thaw.
The first signs of a change were visible just hours after the two armies announced adherence to ceasefire agreements along the Line of Control.
Asked about it, Ministry of External Affairs spokesperson Anurag Srivastava said, “India desires normal, neighbourly relations with Pakistan.
We have always maintained that we are committed to addressing issues, if any, in a peaceful bilateral manner.” More importantly, he added, “On key issues, our position remains unchanged.
I don’t need to reiterate it.”
There was no repetition of New Delhi’s constant stress that “terror and talks don’t go together”.
Srivastava also skirted a question on the Financial Action Task Force action against Pakistan, making no mention of Islamabad’s record on terror financing.
The FATF has its “own procedures to take decisions”, the MEA spokesperson said.
.
About the decision to maintain ceasefire on the Line of Control, Yusuf tweeted, “The welcome development on the LoC is a result of discussions through the established channel of DGMOs.
Obviously these are by their very nature not in the public eye and done privately and professionally through the direct channel.”
The Pakistani minister hoped that the LoC understanding will be followed in “letter and spirit”.
“Doing so will save innocent lives so no one should question the intent.
Nor should wrong inferences be drawn.
There is nothing more than meets the eye here.”
But, in the light of Thursday’s development, a source pointed to Bajwa’s comments on February 2, while on a visit to the Pakistan Air Force Academy.
“We stand firmly committed to the ideal of mutual respect and peaceful co-existence.
It is time to extend a hand of peace in all directions… Pakistan and India must also resolve the longstanding issue of Jammu and Kashmir in a dignified and peaceful manner as per the aspirations of the people of J&K, and bring this human tragedy to its logical conclusion,” he had said.
The source noted that this was one of the most conciliatory remarks coming from Pakistan since the abrogation of Article 370, and that too from its Army chief.
Then, on February 11, Yusuf was quoted as saying, “If you want peace, we have to move forward.
If we want to move forward, everybody has to be rational, not ideological.”
There were other signs too as the levers fell into place in the background.
On February 18, Pakistan participated in a meeting of Health Secretaries of nine countries in South Asia and Indian Ocean, while earlier this week, Delhi allowed Imran Khan’s plane to fly over Indian air space on way to Sri Lanka.
Another source said the long hiatus in talks was not tenable either.
There has been a break since the Pathankot terror attack a week after Prime Minister Narendra Modi made a surprise halt at Lahore in December 2015 to meet then Pakistan PM Nawaz Sharif.
The attacks in Uri and Pulwama, and the abrogation of Art 370, had sent any possibility of talks into deep freeze.
Both sides had consequently scaled down their diplomatic presence, curtailing it even further last year.
THE UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Michelle Bachelet on Friday criticised India for slapping charges of sedition against journalists and activists for reporting or commenting on the farmers’ protests, as she said that such attempts to curb freedom of expression on social media are “disturbing departures from essential human rights principles”.
Bachelet, who has been vocal about human rights issues in India in the past as well, also said that the raids against human rights defenders in October and November exemplify the continued restrictions on civil society, and resulting impact on the rights of the people of Kashmir.
Hours later, India on Friday responded and said that she lacked in “objectivity and impartiality”.
At the 46th session of the Human Rights Council, Bachelet — a former Chilean President — said that in India, continued protests by farmers highlight the importance of ensuring laws and policies are based on meaningful consultations with those concerned.
“I trust that ongoing dialogue efforts by both sides will lead to an equitable solution to this crisis that respects the rights of all.
Charges of sedition against journalists and activists for reporting or commenting on the protests, and attempts to curb freedom of expression on social media, are disturbing departures from essential human rights principles.”
On J&K, she said, “We continue to monitor the situation in Indian-administered Kashmir, where restrictions on communications, and clampdowns on civil society activists, remain of concern.
Despite recent restoration of 4G access for mobile phones, the communications blockade has seriously hampered civic participation, as well as business, livelihoods, education, and access to health-care and medical information.
Raids against human rights defenders in October and November exemplify the continued restrictions on civil society, and resulting impact on the rights of the people of Kashmir to impart and receive information, and to engage in free, open debate on Government policies affecting them.”
India’s Permanent Representative to the UNHRC in Geneva, Indra Mani Pandey responded and said that the farm laws will benefit small farmers and offer more choices to those farmers who opt for them.
The government has shown utmost respect for protests by farmers and has remained engaged in dialogue with them to address their concerns, he said.
He also highlighted the District Development Council elections have restored grassroots democracy.
“Given these developments, we were perplexed to note some of the comments… she appeared as oblivious of the enormous efforts made by my Government to address the challenges…The unprovoked violence on our Republic Day in the name of farmers’ rights, apparently, left her unmoved.
Her indifference to terrorism is, of course, not new.
Objectivity and impartiality have to be the hallmarks of any Human Rights assessment.
We are sorry to see that the High Commissioner’s oral update is lacking in both,” the Indian envoy said.
Calling the Ministry of Education’s revised guidelines that stipulate state-aided universities to get prior political clearances for holding online conferences or seminars with “international” participation as an attempt centralise the higher education system, Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee on Thursday asked Prime Minister Narendra Modi to immediately withdraw the memorandum.
The Centre on Wednesday, however, withdrew the November 2020 order following objections raised by scientists and academics.
In a letter to the Prime Minister on Thursday, Mamata Banerjee wrote: “Our universities must enjoy the highest possible degree of self-governance and freedom to conduct their educational activities in regular interaction with their counterparts abroad.
Knowledge is neither created by nor belongs to any single country or community.
Reasonable regulations and restrictions are understandable.
However, the restrictions imposed vide the office memorandum further highlights the intention of the Government of India towards centralisation of the higher education system in our country.”
“In other words, is it not an attempt of the Central Government to introduce thought-policing in educational institutions by trying to impose ‘One Nation, One Thought’?” she wrote.
Alleging that state governments were not consulted before the Ministry of Education issued the guidelines, the Chief Minister wrote that education is in the concurrent list of the Constitution and any non-consultation by the Government of India with the state governments, before issuing any such instructions to the educational institutions, will be “against the spirit of the federal structure enshrined in the Indian Constitution”.
“Such communication will only be seen as an example of the contempt of constitutional powers of the states.
It may be pertinent to mention here that state governments are duly empowered under law to deal with any act committed by any educational institution which violates any law or is contrary to the interest of national security,” Banerjee wrote, adding that the Ministry of Education should consult the state governments before issuing any such orders in the future.
The Gujarat government will bring in a law on “love jihad” in the forthcoming Assembly session, Chief Minister Vijay Rupani said Thursday at a rally in Godhra.
“It will not be tolerated now that a Hindu girl is being abducted by anybody.
By the law on love jihad, the activity of religious conversion of girls by luring them will be checked,” Rupani said while listing his government’s initiatives for maintenance of law and order.
The remarks come after Rupani’s deputy Nitin Patel made similar comments at another rally in Ahmedabad.
At the Godhra rally, Rupani also targeted the Congress, saying that the stands exposed as even the Muslims have voted against it—referring to the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation elections where the All-India Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen won seven seats.
“Muslims too have understood Congress.
And in these elections, eight seats (sic) have been won by (Asaduddin) Owaisi’s party in Ahmedabad.
Even Muslims now want to get free from Congress because (of its) vote bank politics.
(It) saw people as votes and not as human beings,” the Chief Minister said.
Beneficiaries with associated comorbidities will have to produce a medical prescription on the day of the vaccination.
“If you are 60 years and above no questions will be asked.
Less than 45 years, will not have the option to register.
For those between 45-60 years, a question will be asked if the beneficiary is comorbid or not; the eligible beneficiary will have to say yes.
You will have to take [along] a prescription at the time of vaccination, the photo will be captured and uploaded to the system,” Sharma said.
The Co-Win app – the government’s digital platform to manage the vaccination exercise – will give those who register the option of getting vaccinated at a government facility or at one of the 12,000 private healthcare facilities empanelled under PMJAY and CGHS, Sharma said.
“We cannot make a train reservation unless we know when the train is going to start.
Similarly, we are populating the hospital data which will be providing the services and the timetable.
That is important.
This is being filled up.
People will be able to do self-registration from March 1,” he said.
The numbers of walk-in facilities and their identification has been left to the states, Sharma said.
“Besides the online system, we will also have a walk-in [system].
This has been left to the states.
They will decide which is a walk-in vaccination site.
They can decide the proportion between the online and the walk-in centres.
States will have the flexibility to do an appointment or [vaccinate] by walk-in.”
Beneficiaries can register themselves for vaccination on any of several platforms.
“It will be a citizen-centric model, which means people will choose the time and place of vaccination.
This will be facilitated through the online booking process.
This will be inclusive: the beneficiary can book through the Aarogya Setu app, IVRS, the common service centre, and through the website of the Co-Win app.
You can also call a helpline number (for self-registration),” Sharma said.
Several documents will work as photo IDs, and those who do not own a smartphone will be able to use any other phone to receive the SMS on the vaccination schedule.
Vaccination in the coming phase will be based on a demand-driven system to ensure that all slots are utilised, Sharma said.
“There have been a number of learnings from the first phase [of vaccinating healthcare and frontline workers].
In the first phase, we had a model where beneficiary data was populated already and we asked them to come on a particular date.
There might be many reasons why some did not turn up.
So we were not able to utilise the slots.
Therefore, we started inviting more people.
It is better to ask people who want to come and get vaccinated,” he said.
“[We have now moved] from a supply-driven to a demand-driven system.
That has been a learning, that it is better to have a demand-driven system, and we will have less risk of people not turning up.”
OBSERVING THAT the Centre should not oppose “so combatively” the order directing it to translate the draft Environment Impact Assessment (EIA) 2020 notification into the 22 languages mentioned in the Eight Schedule of the Constitution, the Delhi High Court on Thursday said the Union government for “some reason” was resisting “very hard” the consultation with those who do not speak Hindi and English.
“Every legislative exercise does not require public consultation but some of the Acts statutorily embody the concept of public consultation.
In that situation to make that consultation effective, meaningful and comprehensive … I am putting to you that perhaps the view taken by the court is not the one which the Union (of India) needs to take so combatively,” a division bench of Chief Justice D N Patel and Justice Prateek Jalan told Additional Solicitor General Chetan Sharma during a hearing.
“There is that impression that for some reason the Union is resisting very hard that there should be this consultation with those who do not speak Hindi and English…,” said the court.
The court made the observation during the hearing of Centre’s review petition against the court’s June 2020 order.
The Centre has argued that it does not have constitutional or statutory obligation to publish the draft EIA notification in any language apart from Hindi and English.
Trying to do so would cause massive procedural and administrative difficulties, the government has said, while arguing that the court order would create a precedent and lead to future demands of translation of all statutory regulations in different languages.
The division bench also said if the translation is possible at pre-draft stage – like in the case of Pre-draft Coastal Regulation Zone Notification 2010 – then the Centre needs to think of a way in which the consultation process is “inclusive to those who do not speak the two languages”.
“You come up with a solution and tell us,” said the court.
It said it cannot accept that the central government does not have the administrative capacity to translate into languages that are recognised by the Constitution.
The court said the states can do the translation and the question is of effective consultation.
“If we look at the environmental laws and impact of the notifications, several industries will have to be closed down.
Suppose somebody is staying in a remote area of Assam or Tamil Nadu, he may not be aware of the languages in which you want to publish.
Where will be the effective consultation?
What is wrong in hearing?
They are our own citizens.
They are not foreigners,” said the court.
In a case filed by Vikrant Tongand last year, the court had allowed the prayer for translation of draft EIA notification 2020 into other languages while observing that the translation would be in aid of effective dissemination of the proposed notification.
The Centre’s review petition will be heard next on March 26.
THE ARCHAEOLOGICAL Survey of India (ASI) has unearthed a Buddhist monastery, believed to be at least 900 years old, buried under a mound in a village situated in a hilly area of Hazaribagh district of Jharkhand.
The finding comes two months after discovery of an ancient Buddhist shrine, buried under a similar mound, barely 100 metres away.
Over the past four days, an team from the Patna branch of ASI has excavated 10 stone statues of deity Tara and the Buddha in Burhani village near Juljul Pahar of Sitagarhi Hills, around 12 km from district headquarters Hazaribagh.
On Thursday, they found a sculpture which appears to be that of Shaivite deity Maheswari – with a coiled crown and chakra – indicating cultural assimilation in the area, said ASI officials.
Archaeologists said the findings were significant since the monastery is on the old route to Varanasi, 10 km from Sarnath, where the Buddha gave his first sermon.
They said the presence of statues of deity Tara shows possible proliferation of Vajrayana form of Buddhism in this region.
Assistant Archeologist Niraj Kumar Mishra – of Excavator Branch III, Patna, ASI – said in December last year they found a Buddhist shrine with three rooms near an agricultural land on the eastern side of Juljul Pahar.
He said the central shrine had Tara’s statue and two subsidiary shrines had the Buddha’s.
“Earlier, the context was not clear,” he said, adding that their focus then moved to the second mound and excavation was started on January 31.
“We concentrated on a mound near Juljul Pahar foothills where we found remnants of a Buddhist monastery-cum-shrine where there are rooms at the sides and an open courtyard,” said Mishra.
“We found four statues of deity Tara in Varad Mudra [gesture of hand showing dispensing of boons] and six statues of the Buddha in Bhumisparsa Mudra [gesture of hand showing five fingers of right hand towards the earth symbolising the Buddha’s enlightenment].
So it is a significant finding as deity Tara’s statues means this was an important centre of Vajrayana sect of Buddhism.”
Vajrayana is a form of Tantric Buddhism, which flourished in India from 6th to 11th century.
Mishra said the ASI has not yet done scientific dating of the structures, but it represents Pala period based on earlier findings.
“Last year, during excavation we found a script of four-five words and sent it to ASI Mysore for Paleographic dating for historical manuscripts.
They said it was a Nagri script and they dated it between 10th century AD to 12th century AD.
Nagri is a previous version of Devnagri script and the words indicate Buddhist religious affiliation.
This time also we have got Nagri script on a Tara statue.”
ASI Patna Superintending Archaeologist Rajendra Dehuri said: “This is a significant finding in terms of spread of Buddhism in Jharkhand.
However, it is also a matter of research and further findings.”
The webinar was also addressed by Chief Minister Pramod Sawant, who spoke about the opportunities in the field.
He said the office of the Goa Accountant General had 64 vacancies at the graduate level that were non-transferrable—and yet not a single Goan had applied for these posts.
He said there were over 29 central government offices in Goa and they had positions to offer that were open to not just IAS officers.
He said that the ‘Model Career Centre’ of the Goa government, earlier seen as an employment exchange, has now been changed to a pre-counselling centre to educate youth about the employment opportunities in various sectors.
“We are focusing on central government jobs because there are a lot of opportunities.
What are these opportunities, the books you need to read, the websites that will help you, the contact persons—you will be informed about all of this.
This is going to be an eye-opener webinar and this is just the beginning.
We will organize more such webinars for you to inform you about opportunities in various sectors,” he said.
Officials said that over the years, Goans had shown little interest in central government jobs in the state because they have been under the impression that these are transferable.
The students in attendance were informed that there were positions within the state and not outside.
“When you try for jobs, try not only in the government of Goa but also in the government of India,” Sawant said.
Listing out the benefits and perks of the All India Services with a slideshow was Deputy Accountant General Monisha T M, an IA&AS officer.
She told the students that at the moment there was only one serving IAS officer in the country who was Goan but belonged to the Rajasthan cadre.
She said her office had over 60 vacancies but no Goans had shown interest in these jobs as a result of which a majority of the people in the office came from other states.
She also informed the students about the preparation, procedure and examinations conducted by the Union Public Service Commission.
Sawant said that Goans cannot be upset over candidates from other states bagging jobs in central government offices in Goa if they don’t apply for these jobs.
On a scorching afternoon, in the thick of ongoing local body poll campaigns, Dediapada town should have been witnessing the heat of the political activity.
At a sugarcane juice stall, owned by UP-migrant Ram Singh Yadav, visitors display as much ignorance about the upcoming poll issues as Yadav himself.
“I have been living in Dediapada for 40 years and I am a voter.
But here, we have only seen parties joining hands and working together.
We only vote for the parties that our families have been traditionally voting for,” he says.
After almost half an hour, the first election tempo of the Bhartiya Tribal Party (BTP) makes an appearance — on the loudspeaker is the promise of “protection of tribal rights, restoration of ownership on their land.”
Several villages in the taluka have been included under the classification of 121 villages of Narmada district as eco-sensitive zones, as per the May 2016 notification of the Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change (MoEFCC), which is being implemented since November last year.
The issue of the eco-sensitive zone had caused much uproar across the tribal belt of Narmada.
It was after BJP Bharuch MP Mansukh Vasava’s resignation from the BJP that the state government directed the district administration to withdraw the ‘revenue records entry’ of the villages as ‘ESZ’.
The notification, however, remains in place without the explicit mention of individual records.
Vasava had withdrawn his resignation after the government decided to erase the entries on the documents.
About five kilometres away from the town junction is the first settlement of villages — Navagam, Bogaj, Jawali and Koliwad — falling under the eco-sensitive zone.
Sarpanch Mulji Vasava is a BJP candidate for the Dediapada taluka panchayat.
Mulji is busy campaigning in the neighbourhood villages — the topic of discussion is “Vikas (development) for job opportunities”.
Examples of Kevadia turning into a tourist hub are cited and no one wants the implementation of the eco-sensitive zone.
Mulji says, “The issue of the eco-sensitive zone is not worrisome anymore because all gram sabhas have passed a resolution against the implementation of the notification… On this matter, all three parties — BTP, Congress and BJP — have come together and assured the tribals that the government will not take away their lands.
The area has basic amenities already, we have new schools built here.
Bogaj village cluster has a literacy rate of 72% and Koliwad 63%.
People want employment for a better future.”
Like Mulji, three other sarpanches of the neighbouring villages are also BJP candidates.
Muljialso expressed hope that the BJP would win the seats of the Dediapada taluka panchayat this time — in 2015, the BJP lost power to BTP here.
The JD(U) won 12 of the 22 seats while BJP won six and Congress four.
The JD(U) then led by Chhotu Vasava, broke away from the parent party to become BTP and was in alliance with Congress.
Now, the BTP has tied up with All India Majlis-e-Ittehad-ul-Muslimeen (AIMIM) for the local body polls.
A senior elected representative of the Congress from the district says that the three parties did not want to create a political issue out of the eco-sensitive zone and decided to resolve it together.
In the villages, the local tribals do not know what eco-sensitive notification means.
A group of young men from Bogaj village break into a laugh when asked about the notification.
Khimji Vasava, a 25-year-old villager says, “We have been told that the government is trying to establish their right on our lands.
But all the leaders have told us that they are fighting against it and in the local newsletters of the town, we read reports of how the leaders succeeded in pushing the government back.
So, we have full faith in them and we know nothing wrong will happen.”
The BTP, on the other hand, has been running its campaign on the tribal issues of land ownership.
Ambalal Jadav, spokesperson of BTP, says, “The issue of the eco-sensitive zone is a grave one.
It reflects the ideology of the BJP and the Congress of the disregard they have towards the existence of the tribals.
The BTP was the one raising the issue of the land rights of tribals … We are trying to make them aware that the government has only removed the explicit mention of the word ‘eco-sensitive zone’ from the revenue records, it does not change the status of the notification.”
At the town junction, Rakesh Vasava, a 23-year-old graduate from the Industrial Training Insititute in the town, says, “We don’t have too many employment opportunities here.
There is a training institute but the placement has not been well paid.
There are some who have got employment in the Dudhdhara dairy plant but most of the youth have to move to other cities.
Even if they develop Dediapada like Kevadia, how many years would it be from now?”
The Centre has said the disengagement in the North and South Bank is a “significant first step” and the two sides will work towards a mutually acceptable resolution of the “remaining issues”.
“Spoke to State Councilor & Foreign Minister Wang Yi this afternoon.
Discussed the implementation of our Moscow Agreement and reviewed the status of disengagement,” Jaishankar tweeted on Thursday.
Earlier in the day, the Ministry of External Affairs spokesperson Anurag Srivastava said, in response to questions, that the 10th round of the Senior Commanders meeting was held on February 20, which was convened within 48 hours of the completion of disengagement in the North and South Bank of Pangong Tso.
Recalling the joint statement after the Corps Commanders’ meeting, the MEA spokesperson said, “The two sides had candid and in-depth exchange of views on the remaining issues along the LAC in the Western sector.”
“Both sides view the smooth and successful completion of disengagement in the North and South Bank as a significant first step as this forms a basis for resolution of remaining issues so as to achieve the eventual goal of complete disengagement in all friction areas.
The two sides have agreed to work towards a mutually acceptable resolution of the remaining issues,” the spokesperson said.
Sources said that the two sides have exchanged proposals on outstanding issues in the region during the 10th round of military-level talks.
Both sides have agreed to continue with talks, which can happen at “various levels”, they said.
“Some forward movement” in discussions on friction points at Hot Springs and Gogra Post can be expected first before any move on the more contentious Depsang Plains, they said.
The final breakthrough in the diplomatic-military level talks deadlock had come at the January 24 meeting of the Indian and Chinese Corps Commanders, which was the 9th round of military-level talks.
Sources said the combined team of military and diplomats in both formats of engagement — the Corps Commander-level talks and the Working Mechanism for Consultation and Coordination on India-China border affairs — helped in formulating a “coherent response” to the Chinese challenge, both militarily and diplomatically.
After the breakthrough in the ninth round of talks, the two sides had worked on the details.
However, sources said “lot of work” is left in the other friction points, including the Depsang plains.
But New Delhi is aware of the challenges, having seen at least three false starts last year—in June (when the Galwan incident happened), in July (after the NSA-level talks, a limited disengagement took place) and again in September (when there was no movement despite the Defence minister- and External Affairs minister-level talks).
“Currently, the government doesn’t have a complete picture of how many players there are in this sector and who they are,” he said.
“If you log on to their websites, you won’t even find basic information on their office address or editor-in-chief.”
According to sources, the ministry will soon release a form that all digital news outlets must fill and submit to the ministry in a month.
I&B Minister Prakash Javadekar on Thursday cited lack of information about digital media players as the reason why there was no consultation with them before releasing guidelines for them.
Khare, however, said that there is little need for one even if the government had all the information on news websites, since the websites are only expected to follow the established code of ethics that print and TV are already doing.
“We don’t think anyone will object to that.
There is no new obligation on them,” he said.
Under the new guidelines, digital news outlets will have to follow the programme code under the Cable Television Networks Regulation Act and Norms of Journalistic Conduct of the Press Council of India, which broadly guide the content put out in TV and print media.
Asked about the need to set up a government oversight mechanism for digital news websites when there’s no such committee for print, Khare said, “The Press Council of India governs the print medium.
There is no such body before digital media.
If there is one in future then there will be no need for such a committee.”
Khare, however, dismissed similar criticism of consultation that came from OTT platforms.
“The (I&B) minister met them twice in Delhi.
We had two rounds of discussion in Mumbai and Chennai.
A consultation doesn’t mean concurrence.
In principle, the OTT platforms had agreed to self-regulation, but their proposal lacked an independent body for oversight and appeals.
They wanted to address grievances internally, and there was no appeal mechanism.
That wasn’t acceptable to us.”
On fears of excessive government interference in the working of OTT platforms, the I&B Secretary said that such concerns were unfounded, as the guidelines propose “a soft-touch self-regulationn model for OTT and digital media”.
He said, “It balances the creativity of the OTT platforms and the rights of the citizens to have their grievances redressed.”
“Moreover, having a formal three-tier redressal mechanism, in the long run, will only help the OTT platforms,” Khare said.
“Currently, there are so many FIRs being lodged against different web series.
If there is a formal mechanism of grievance redressal and appeal, then these platforms can inform courts of this mechanism and the courts will always encourage citizens to approach these bodies first.”
Congress candidate from Nani Naroli for the district panchayat elections in Surat, Darshan Naik, has demanded police protection on Thursday alleging snooping by a few youths during his poll campaign.
Naik, who is the former leader of opposition in Surat district panchayat, has given an application to Surat Range IGP Rajkumar Pandian, Superintendent of Police Usha Rada and District Collector Dr Dhaval Patel.
In his application, Naik said, “I am contesting from Nani Naroli seat which covers a vast area of interior villages… Wherever I go for the poll campaigns, I have found that few youths travelling in three cars follow me.
Even at some places they use to come face to face before us.” The application said, “We fear that those unknown youths might attack us during the campaigning.
There is a threat to the lives of me and my supporters who accompany me in the poll campaign.”
Naik added that after he filed an application, police have done flag marches in some of the areas in Nani Naroli.
The Supreme Court on Friday asked a former District Judge in Madhya Pradesh to face the “in-house departmental inquiry” instituted by the state High Court following sexual harassment charges by a woman judicial officer observing it cannot allow sexual harrassment allegations to be swept under the carpet.
“You are walking on very thin ice.
You may have a chance that you may be acquitted.
But as matters stand now, you are convicted.
Sexual harassment allegations cannot be brushed under the carpet like this,” Chief Justice of India S A Bobde, heading a three-judge bench, remarked as the plea challenging the inquiry came up.
EQUATING CONGRESS with gando baval (acacia juliflora), a shrub species, Union Minister Parsottam Rupala on Thursday said the Opposition party needs to be weeded out like the invasive shrub as it demanded proof of surgical strike conducted by Indian soldiers in Pakistan-occupied Kashmir in 2018 after a terror attack in Jammu and Kashmir.
Polling for election to district and taluka panchayats and municipalities of Gujarat is to be conducted on February 28 and counting of votes will be undertaken on March 2.
Rupala, who is a native of Amreli district and has adopted Lilia under the model village scheme of the Central government, said, “After failing to win a single seat from Gujarat in the previous two Lok Sabha elections, Congress has forgotten the art of contesting elections.
It is under the impression that the train taking one to Delhi after victory here has been suspended.
For the past two elections, all 26 passengers boarding this train from here are from the BJP…”
The BJP leader said people of Gujarat have made Congress forget to get elected to Parliament and Gujarat Assembly and now needs to be voted out from local bodies as well.
The BJP leader said gando baval was introduced to India by Congress governments but it has become nuisance, invading pastoral land and roads.
Claiming that the recent farm laws enacted by the Centre were not only anti-farmer but also anti-poor, Leader of Opposition in Assembly, Paresh Dhanani, on Thursday said the new laws give corporates a free hand to exploit both farmers and the poor and asked villagers to vote for Congress in the upcoming local body elections to “save democracy and future of India”.
Addressing an election gathering of farmers in Vankiya village of Amreli taluka in Amreli district, Dhanani said, “If the three black laws are implemented, farmer’s son is going to become a labourer in his own farm… APMCs (agricultural produce market committees) yards will shut down… For five years, companies will purchase (farmer’s) produce worth Rs100 from Vankiya itself by offering farmers Rs100.
As you would be saving transportation cost, you would not go to Amreli to sell it.
But after that, yards will close down and traders would be gone… handful of industrialists and new East India companies would offer you Rs50 for your produce worth Rs100,” Dhanani said.
Dhanani said farmers will then be left with no option.
“You may not want to sell them at lower rates but where else would you go as APMC yards would be shut?
Modern East India companies and handful industrialists… will pack in bags the wheat they would procure from us at Rs 300 and would then sell it back to us for Rs1,200 and we will have nowhere to go,” he said.
Last year, the Central government enacted three laws allowing private yards for primary trade of agricultural commodities while reducing jurisdiction of APMCs to the physical boundaries of their yards.
The government also amended Essential Commodities Act to abolish stockholding limits by private firms.
Farmers of Haryana and Punjab have been protesting against these new laws on the border of Delhi for months.
Giving example of corporates entering salt retail market, Dhanani said, “I have seen hawkers coming to our doorstep on New Year and sell one kilogram of salt for Rs 2.
But corporates got involved, they packed the salt in bags and are extorting Rs 20 per kg from us.”
About district, taluka panchayats and municipalities elections, he said, “This election is not about any individual or any ideology or about BJP or Congress but it is about to save the democratic system of governance… If you fail, our children would grow up and tell us due to our mistakes, they were born slaves.”
In the 2015 local body elections held in the backdrop of Patidar quota stir, Congress had won the district panchayat, most of taluka panchayats and municipalities in Amreli district.
Congress also won all the five Assembly constituencies in 2017 election, winning total 77 seats in the Assembly.
Abhinav Delkar, the son of Mohan Delkar – the MP from the Union Territory of Dadra and Nagar Haveli who committed suicide in Mumbai two days ago – has claimed that the constant harassment meted out to his father and his supporters from the local administration and his father’s helplessness at not being able to help his supporters led him to take his own life.
Interestingly, Delkar had left Dadra and Nagar Haveli after telling his family that he was going to attend a court hearing of one of his supporters, Indrajeet Parmar, who was recently booked in a case lodged under the Prevention of Anti Social Activities Act.
He was subsequently arrested and is at present in jail.
Abhinav claimed that Parmar was framed.
When asked, SP Hareshwar Swami of Dadra and Nagar Haveli said, “It is a matter of bootlegging.
I would not want to say anything now, as the case will take its own course.”
An associate of Delkar, who did not wish to be named, said: “Two other party workers were to leave on Monday for Parmar’s court proceedings and Delkar opted to leave a day earlier.”
On Thursday, Abhinav wrote a letter to Prime Minister Narendra Modi, requesting him to remove Praful Patel from the post of Administrator of DNH.
A copy of letter written in Gujarati is with The Indian Expres, in which Abhinav Delkar said, “My father Mohan Delkar has been mentally stressed for some time and the purpose of writing this letter is to get justice… The statement given by home minister of Maharashtra on February 24 states that DNH administrator is directly involved in forcing my dad to commit suicide… we the people of DNH cannot bear accept such a person… we request you to immediately remove administrator Praful Patel from DNH.
I have full faith in the investigation done by Mumbai police… this is an appeal from a son to you…”
Abhinav said that many of Delkar’s supporters and tribal workers had been sacked from their jobs in a local government school because they had supported him in the zilla parishad elections.
“These people would come to my father seeking help.
But he was helpless as the local administration was not willing to give either them or my father a fair hearing,” he added.
An administrative officer said, “People were sacked as the jobs were not regularised.
They have availed all their legal resources and lost everywhere because we were right.”
Abhinav also claimed that his father was troubled after the district administration served notices on the SSR college — set up by the MP — citing irregularities and had even turned up with JCB machines to initiate demolition.
“Over 350 police personnel had turned up outside our college with bulldozers on June 27, 2020 to demolish the structure.
They stopped only when my father managed to get a stay from the court,” Abhinav said.
To this, the administrative officer said, “Some parts of the college is built on government leased land that they had surrendered 10 years ago.
They wished to claim it back but were not successful.”
Abhinav claimed that the local administration had stopped adhering to protocol that needs to be followed in case of an elected MP and that Delkar was not even being invited for government functions.
He said that while the local MP usually addresses the constituency during the liberation day festivities of Dadra and Nagar Haveli – celebrated on August 2 – his father was not being allowed to give a speech.
Abhinav further said that his father decided to die by suicide in Mumbai because he was aware that he would not get justice in Dadra and Nagar Haveli.
“He knew that if he had to end his life here, the suicide note would have vanished and no case would have been registered,” he said, adding that earlier, two government employees had died by suicide owing to harassment.
“One of them had even left a suicide note behind naming officials, but nothing happened.”
With inputs from kamaal saiyed
Last week Army Chief General Manoj Mukund Naravane had visited Kevadia to oversee the preparations for the same.
Union Defence Minister Rajnath Singh and senior officials of the Ministry of Defence will stay in the Statue of Unity complex for three days, when it is expected to remain closed to the public.
Modi is expected to stay overnight at Tent City in Kevadia on March 5.
The venue will also host the two-day National Conference of Income Tax Appellate Tribunal (ITAT) of the Ministry of Law and Justice at Tent City-II in Kevadia on February 27 and 28 where Justice MR Shah, Justice Sanjiv Khanna and Solicitor General of India Tushar Mehta will be guests of honour.
Secretary, Department of Legal Affairs, Anoop Kumar Mendiratta will also visit Kevadia to participate in the conference which will host panel speakers such as Nihar Jamusaria of ICAI, senior advocates Porus Kaka, MS Syali and Presidents of Different Bar Associations of ITAT.
Washim Civil Surgeon Madhukar Rathod said, “11 persons from the shrine have tested Covid-19 positive.
We are doing contact tracing of people from several villages that had thronged the place on Tuesday.”
After Rathod had arrived at the shrine, Chief Minister Uddhav Thackeray had taken “serious cognizance” of the issue and ordered an inquiry.
Rathod’s appearance at the shrine was seen as a show of strength after several political leaders raised his alleged links to the Pooja Chavan death case.
Meanwhile, at least 227 schoolchildren from an Ashram school in Washim have tested positive for Covid-19.
Rathod, the civil surgeon, said, “227 children aged 14-16 years and four non-teaching staffers have been found Covid-19 positive.
They are all asymptomatic.
But we have stationed a team of health workers at the school to take care of any exigency.”
On Wednesday, 144 people who had attended a social programme at Zadgaon village in Buldhana district last week had tested positive during a health checkup camp.
The whole village has been declared a containment zone.
On Thursday, Vidarbha saw 3,293 new Covid cases with Nagpur at 1,116 and Amravati at 906 leading the chart of the region’s 11 districts.
The number of deaths in the region was 28, including 13 in Nagpur and six in Amravati.
A FIRE gutted two units of a Rs 74-crore under-construction research institute at Chichpalli in Chandrapur district on Thursday, causing a loss of at least Rs 10 crore.
Projected to be Asia’s biggest bamboo institute, the Bamboo Training and Research Institute was set to be inaugurated next month.
It is meant to impart training to those seeking to start bamboo-based businesses
Former Forest Minister Sudhir Mungantiwar, who set up the institute, has sought a CID inquiry into the fire.
“The government should ask the CID to find out if the fire was artificially ignited under sabotage,” Mungantiwar said in a letter to Chief Minister Uddhav Thackeray.
District Guardian Minister Vijay Wadettiwar said that an inquiry will be launched into the incident.
According to sources, the cause of the blaze is not yet known.
“The project is under the control of Public Works Department and was set to be handed over to the Forest Department next month, when we were planning to inaugurate it,” Abharna added.
This decision was taken at a virtual Covid-19 review meeting chaired by Chief Minister Ashok Gehlot from his residence in Jaipur.
He said that Covid has not entirely gone and in the past few days, the cases have spiked in Kerala and Maharashtra, among other states.
“Hence, the citizens of the state need to stay cautious,” he said, terming the rise in cases in some states “a cause for concern, because no one knows what form the disease might take.” Apart from a mandatory RT-PCR test, the arrivals from these two states will be screened at railway stations and airports.
Gehlot also said that following good management, the state had given relaxations in business and social activities but “it is being seen that some are not exercising caution in following the Covid protocol” and announced another awareness campaign in the state from the first week of March.
He said that precaution is necessary “to ensure that the state remains safe from the third wave of Covid.”
The campaign will be run by the Information and Public Relations Department as well as the Department of Local Self Government.
He directed the officials to spread awareness through hoardings, banners, pamphlets, social media, radio, television, and other means.
Health and Family Welfare Department Secretary Siddharth Mahajan said that the active cases in the state are just 0.38 per cent and recovery rate 98.75 per cent.
