

While Kaur was on February 15 granted bail by a judicial magistrate in the first case, a Sessions Court in Sonipat had denied her bail in the second case, after which her counsel moved High Court for bail.
“One party is playing politics of ‘tushtikaran’ (appeasement), while second does politics of ‘nafrat’ (hate).
The new parties too are vociferously campaigning against the CAA and about protecting the Assamese identity, while talking about strengthening the state’s economy, amongst other issues.
While the police is still investigating the motive behind the alleged attack on the the girl, a fortnight ago, she had approached the Lalbag police station and lodged a complaint against unknown persons for allegedly circulating her photos with obscene text on the web.
While Munawar was the first to get ad-interim bail from the Supreme Court, Prakhar Vyas and Edwin Anthony were granted relief by the High Court on February 12 after they pleaded for parity with the Supreme Court’s order.
The process of handing out application forms has been underway since February 17.


“I don’t think the bottleneck will be infrastructure and staff, because they will be available even after 5 o’ clock in the evening – the infrastructure is available and the staff is available.
Because during the (2015) agitation, the BJP would bring me down and I would rise up.”
Because they removed Keshubhai Patel as CM, our family stayed away from the BJP.
Because in the agitation, the BJP would bring me down and I would rise up.
He also said that since we have been unpaid for the last 36 months, the official concerned will not get his salary until this is resolved,” Manzoor Ahmad said.

Recalling their Moscow meeting of September 2020, where he had expressed concern over unilateral attempts by the Chinese to alter the status quo, Jaishankar told Wang that “bilateral relations have been impacted severely over last year”, the MEA said.
For the CPI (M), Kerala is the only state where the party is in power.
“No one told us anything, a staff member guided us to her room, where Jogi met us.
“I wonder leaders such as Deendayal Upadhyaya are probably shedding tears, wherever they may be,” he wrote.
But the panchayat will not have the power to override the SoUTA wherever it is applicable.”

Fearing an uncontrollable hike, the civic body started to dispatch mobile RT-PCR testing vans to pockets that have been reporting cases lately, so that high-risk contacts of Covid patients may be tested.
“We hope that whatever will happen will further lead to some negotiations at various levels so that we take it forward and not do a repeat of what they (Pakistan) are doing all along,” he said.
It added, “For considering dissolution of marriage at the instance of a spouse who allege mental cruelty, the result of such mental cruelty must be such that it is not possible to continue with the matrimonial relationship.”

-----------------------------------------------

We will not have school today because it snowed last night.
Until it stops raining, we will stay inside.
When your father gets here, we will go.
I missed the bus because my alarm didn't go off
Whenever it rains, my little sister loves to jump in the puddles
Playing football is dangerous if you don't have the right equipment.
We walked to class quickly as if we were going to be late.
When finished this building will be the tallest in the city.
Whether you like it or not, you have to go to bed now.
If you pay your bills on time, you can have a good credit score.
Unless you run fast, you will miss the bus.
Because he loved her, he didn't believe she was having an affair.
Once they saw the car coming, the birds flew away from the road.
Although she has a business degree, she is working as a retail clerk.
As we bought the tickets, the overture was beginning.
Before we go on vacation, we must make reservations
Since I'll be working late, I'll eat downtown.
Now that everyone has left the party, we need to start cleaning.
Unless you put in more hours, I cannot recommend you for the promotion.
As soon as I saw you, I knew something was wrong.



My sister, when she is angry, will turn red in the face.
Elephants, although they are large, are not predators.
Chocolate, because it has a low melting point, can be difficult to bake with.
He remembered, after he left the house, that he needed to mail the thank you cards.



Marty kept his schedule open in case his wife went into labor.
You must keep practicing the song until you get it right.
Give us a call when you get back from your trip.
We need to find the bar where they asked us to wait.
The fireworks show will start after the sun goes down.
The cat made herself at home in the apartment as if she had always lived there.
Frank ran the race as though his life depended on it.
We can swim in the pool as soon as you put on sunscreen.
I never knew how wonderful life could be until I met you.
You need to remain calm even if everyone else panics.
The day felt long because we had nothing to do.
I won't allow you to see that movie even though you are old enough to go.
We can get some new clothes as long as the store is open late.
